PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support edi move bel
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
gal move rum
hol support nth move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
tri support ven
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu support ven
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move bel
con move smy
gre support ser move bul
hol support bur move bel
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par move pic
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun support nap move ion
ukr support rum
ven support tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
apu support ven
bel hold
bul support gre
con move bul
den hold
eng support hel move nth
fin support stp move nwy
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move eas
kie support den
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pic support bel
ruh move hol
rum support bul
ser support gre
sev move bla
ska move nth
smy move arm
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move bud
tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie hold
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
remove ruh
remove ska
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move syr
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move con
con move smy
eas convoy apu move syr
fin move stp
gre move aeg
hol move nth
ion convoy apu move syr
kie move hol
lon support wal
mid move iri
mos move sev
nth move edi
nrg move nat
nwy support swe
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move bla
swe support nwy
tri move alb
ukr support mos move sev
vie hold
wal support lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bul
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla move ank
con support bla move ank
den move kie
eas move smy
eng support nth move lon
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
lon move eng
mun hold
nat move iri
nth move lon
nwy support swe
pic move bur
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move bul via convoy
stp move mos
swe support nwy
syr support eas move smy
tri move alb
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie hold
wal support lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove iri
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
ber move sil
bud support ser
con support gre move bul
edi hold
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
ion support smy move aeg
kie move ruh
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nwy support swe
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
syr move smy
tri move vie
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bla support smy move con
boh support vie move gal
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc move con
con move ank
edi move nth
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
ion support aeg move gre
lon move wal
mid move naf
mar move pie
nwy support swe
ruh support sil move mun
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy move con
spa move tun via convoy
swe support nwy
tyr support gal move vie
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal move eng
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
gre move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
remove bul/sc
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move smy
bla support con move bul
bud support gal move vie
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move vie
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move mun
mun move boh
naf move wes
nap move apu
nth support hol move bel
nwy support swe
pie move ven
rom move tus
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ukr move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev support rum
spa hold
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys support ion move tun
ukr move gal
ven support tri
wal move lvp
war support ukr move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bel hold
bla move con
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie
bul move ser
eng convoy pic move wal
gal support rum move bud
gre hold
gol move tus
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pic move wal via convoy
pie move ven
ruh support bel
rum move bud
ser support bud
sev move rum
smy support bla move con
spa move gas
swe move den
tri support pie move ven
tun move wes
tus support ven move pie
tyr move vie
tys support tun move wes
ven move pie
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
ven move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gre
build Army kie
remove gol
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bel move pic
ber move pru
boh move sil
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move bal
eng move lon
gal move vie
gas move par
kie hold
lvp move wal
mid move spa/nc
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun support boh move sil
ruh move bur
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
sil move boh
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support ven
tus support apu move ven
tys move gol
ven move rom
vie move gal
wal move yor
war move pru
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
rum move sev
sil move gal
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support den move kie
ber support kie
bla support con move bul
boh hold
bud support sev move rum
con move bul
den move kie
eng move bre
gal support bud
kie support ber
lon move eng
gol support wes move spa
mar support spa/nc
mun move tyr
nwy move nth
par hold
pic move par
rom support tri move ven
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil move pru
spa/nc hold
tri move ven
tus hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud
wal support lon move eng
war support gal
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move adr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gol
build Army mos
remove pru
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
remove tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bal support den move kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud support vie move tri
bul support rum move ser
bur move par
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng move bre
gal move vie
mar move bur
mos move lvn
nth hold
par move pic
pic support bur move par
rom support ven
rum move ser
ser move gre
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tus move rom
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
par move gas
ser move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support bul move gre
bal support sil move ber
ber support hol move kie
bre move pic
bud support tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move par
con move aeg
edi move yor
eng move bre
gal move boh
gas support bur move par
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie support nth move hol
lvn move pru
mun support hol move kie
nth move hol
nwy move nth
par support eng move bre
pic support eng move bre
rom move ven
ser support aeg move gre
sil move ber
spa/nc move por
tri support rom move ven
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support tus move rom
ven move adr
vie support tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bre move mid
hol disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
