PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
par move pic
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support nth move bel
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
ukr support war move gal
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
bla support rum move sev
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
den move bal
gal support ukr move rum
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mun support ruh move bur
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pic move par
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
ukr move rum
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
sev move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy ber move lvn
bar move nwy
bel support mun move bur
ber move lvn via convoy
bla support sev
bud support gal
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
gal support bul move rum
ion move tun
iri move mid
gol move wes
mid hold
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nth move ska
par move bre
sev hold
spa/sc support mid
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
vie support gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army smy
remove swe
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel move pic
bla move con
bre move par
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support gas move par
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move par
ion move tys
iri support eng move mid
kie move mun
lvn move mos
mid move bre
mos support ukr
rom support ven
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
ska move swe
smy hold
spa/sc support mar
stp support lvn move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr move ven
ukr support war move gal
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move aeg
gal move sil
iri support mid
mar move gas
mos hold
mun move sil
nrg move nth
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por support spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
smy move con
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys move wes
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
vie support bud move gal
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gas
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove gol
remove pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bud move tri
gal move boh
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid move wes
mar support mid move spa
mun hold
nap support rom
par move bur
por support spa/sc
rom support nap
spa/sc support por
tri move ven
tun move wes
ven move apu
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal convoy ber move den
ber move den via convoy
bre hold
bur move bel
eng support mid move bre
gal move boh
iri move mid
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun support sil
nap move apu
nth move den
por support spa/sc
rom move ven
sil support war
spa/sc support por
swe support nth move den
tri move tyr
tun move wes
ven support apu move rom
vie support tri move tyr
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy ber move den
bel hold
ber move den
boh support bud move gal
bre support lon move pic
bud move gal
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
kie support ber move den
lon move pic via convoy
mun support sil
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
sil support mun
spa/sc move wes
swe support den
tri support tyr
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie support boh
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh move gal
eng move bel
gal move rum
kie move hol
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nth support eng move bel
pic move par
por support spa/sc
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc support por
swe support den
tri move tyr
ven support tri move tyr
vie support boh move gal
war support sil
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support mun move kie
bud move gal
den support swe
gal move ukr
kie move hel
mar support wes move spa
mun move kie
nap move rom
pie support tyr
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
sil move ber
spa/sc move gol
stp support war move mos
swe support den
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
ven move tri
vie move boh
war support gal move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bul hold
gal move sil
hel move hol
kie support ber move mun
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
spa/sc support por
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
