PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move bud
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move por
mun move ruh
nap move tun
nth hold
pic move bel
pie hold
rum move ser
sev move rum
tri move ven
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move mun
bre hold
bud support ser
bul support ser move rum
con move ank
eng move nth
gre support bul
ion convoy tun move nap
mar move gol
nth move ska
pie hold
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum support sev move bla
ser move bud
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tun move nap
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie support ser move bud
wal move lon via convoy
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move hol
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
con move bul/ec
gal move vie
gre support bul move ser
ion move tys
lon move hol
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
nth move eng
nwy support bot move swe
pie move ven
rom hold
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
ska move den
tri support gal move vie
tyr move ven
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Army smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
alb support tri move ser
ank support con move bla
bla support mos move sev
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul/ec support sev move rum
con move bla
den move ska
gre move alb
hol move kie
lvp move iri
mid support bre move eng
mos move sev
nap move rom
nwy support swe
par move pic
pic move bel
pie hold
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support gre move alb
sev move rum
smy move arm
spa/sc move gol
swe support nwy
tri move vie
tys support nap move rom
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army/dislodged alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb support adr move tri
ank move con
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bud move tri
bul/ec support rum
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move vie
iri move eng
kie hold
lon move hol via convoy
gol move tys
mid move iri
nth move eng
nwy move ska
pic move wal via convoy
pie hold
rum support ser
ser support bud
sev support bud move rum
ska move nth
swe move den
tri support gal move vie
tys move ion
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove ska
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bud move tri
bel move hol
bla support sev
bud move tri
bul/ec support rum
con move aeg
den support nwy move nth
eng move bel
gal move rum
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie hold
lon move wal
mid move nat
mar move gol
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pie hold
rum support sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support rum
smy move eas
tri move ser
tys move tun
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth disband
tri move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
bel move nth
bla move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bul/ec support rum
den move kie
eas move ion
gal support vie move bud
hol hold
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvp hold
gol move wes
mos move sev
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nth move edi
pie move ven
pru move ber
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move ukr
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support mos move sev
vie move bud
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bre
remove lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tys
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
arm move rum
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move sil
bre move pic
bul/ec move con
den move kie
gal support ukr move rum
gre move alb
hol move nwy via convoy
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvp move edi
mid move por
mar move pie
mun support boh move sil
nth convoy hol move nwy
nrg support hol move nwy
par move bur
pru support war move sil
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support ukr move rum
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tun support wes move tys
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move bud
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move tri
arm move sev
ber hold
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bud move rum
bur hold
con move bul/sc
edi move nth
gal move bud
ion move nap
kie support pru move ber
lvp move edi
mun hold
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
stp/nc move bar
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ven support adr move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
sev disband
vie disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move tri
bar move nwy
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
boh support mun move sil
bre move mid
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
edi hold
ion move apu
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
nth support bar move nwy
nwy hold
par move pic
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy
tun hold
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu move nap
bar support nth move nwy
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
boh move sil
bot move bal
bud support alb move tri
con move aeg
edi hold
gre support aeg move ion
lon move nth
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mun support boh move sil
nap hold
nth move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie support ven
ruh support bel move hol
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
swe support nwy
tun move ion
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
remove tyr
remove vie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal move swe
bar support nth move nwy
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move bul
edi hold
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move nth
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move gol
mun support ber move kie
nap hold
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move pru
spa/sc move por
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun move ion
ven move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move tys
nwy move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support tri move ven
bal convoy pru move swe
bar support nwy
bel move ruh
bul move ser
den support pru move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move lon
gal move boh
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
kie support mun move ruh
gol hold
mid move wes
mun move ruh
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy hold
por hold
pru move war
rom support ven
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sil move mun
ska support edi move nwy
swe support edi move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
nwy move nrg
tys move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bar
remove ber
remove den
build Army mar
remove mun
remove nrg
remove sil
build Fleet smy
remove vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support gre move ion
bel move ruh
ber move pru
boh hold
den move bal
gal move ukr
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move den
lon move eng
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mun support vie move boh
nap support tys move rom
nth move edi
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
por move mid
rom support ven
ser move tri
ska support kie move den
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
ven hold
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
rom move tus
ven disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move ion
eas move aeg
edi move nrg
eng move iri
gal move bud
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
gol support tys
mid move wes
mos hold
nap support ion move tys
nwy move swe
pie hold
rom support ion move tys
ruh move mun
ska move nth
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus support pie
tyr move pie
tys support tun move ion
ukr move war
ven support tyr move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bal
remove bar
remove boh
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove pru
remove sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
apu move ion
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
den move kie
iri move mid
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap support apu move ion
nth move eng
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie move ven
rom support tys move tus
sil support tyr move mun
smy support ank move con
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ven move pie
war move pru
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
boh move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng move nth
fin move stp
gre support tun move ion
ion move alb
kie move mun
lvn move war
gol support pie move tus
mid move naf
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
nat move lvp
nap support rom move tys
pic move bur
pie move tus
pru move war
rom move tys
ser support bul move gre
sil move war
smy move eas
tun move ion
tus support ven move pie
tyr move vie
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
ank move arm
ber hold
boh move vie
bre move pic
bur move bel
con move bul
eas support aeg move ion
ion move nap
lvn move war
gol hold
mar hold
mun move kie
naf move wes
nap support rom
nth move hol
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie move ven
pru support sil move ber
rom support nap
ruh move kie
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move ber
stp move mos
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tus move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
bud support tyr move vie
bul move rum
bur move ruh
eas move aeg
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion support nap
lvp move iri
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos hold
mun move tyr
nat move lvp
nap support ven move rom
pic move bel
pru move sil
rom move nap
ruh move kie
sev hold
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys support rom move nap
ven move rom
vie hold
war hold
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move apu
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
