PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi hold
kie hold
lon move wal
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move tun
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
ion convoy apu move tun
kie support bur move ber
mid move eng
mar hold
ruh move bur
sev move bla
tri move adr
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move arm
ber move kie
bla support ser move rum
bud hold
bul support ser move rum
gal support rum
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mos move sev
nap move tys
ruh move hol
rum support mos move sev
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy support ank move arm
swe move nwy
tun move naf
ven hold
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move gal
bul support rum
den hold
gal hold
gre hold
hol move kie
kie move ber
mos support sev
naf hold
nwy hold
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
smy move arm
tri hold
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr support gal
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mun
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
arm support sev
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move rum
bud move gal
bul support ank move rum
den move bal
gal move bud
gre move ser
kie move ruh
gol support naf move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nwy move nth
rum support sev move ukr
sev support ank move rum
tri hold
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bal move pru
bla support rum
boh move gal
bud hold
bul support rum
gal hold
gol support naf move spa
mos support ukr
naf move spa via convoy
nth move lon
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
sil hold
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr support boh move gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie hold
war support boh move gal
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move ukr
hol move kie
lon move nth
gol support ven move pie
mos support ukr move sev
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tyr hold
ukr move sev
ven move pie
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move rum via convoy
ber move kie
bla convoy arm move rum
boh hold
bud support rum move gal
bul move ser
gal support war move ukr
gas move par
kie move hol
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mos support war move ukr
nth move bel
pie move mar
rum move gal
sev support ukr move mos
sil hold
tyr hold
ukr move mos
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
gal support mos move war
gre move ion
hol move ruh
kie move hel
gol move tys
mar move gas
mos move war
nap move ion
par move bre
por move mid
rom move tus
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tyr move vie
ven hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh hold
bre support gas move par
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
gal support bud move vie
gas move par
gre support aeg move ion
hel hold
mid move eng
nap move ion
ruh move bur
sev move mos
sil hold
tri support bud move vie
tus move pie
tyr hold
tys support nap move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr move tri
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel move eng
boh move vie
bre move lon via convoy
bul/sc move gre
con move smy
eng convoy bre move lon
gal support vie
gre move alb
lvn move mos
mos move lvn
nap move ion
par move bur
pie support ven move tyr
rom move tys
ser support tri
sil support boh
smy move eas
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support gal
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
bel move pic
boh move tyr
bur move mun
con move bul
eas move ion
eng support lon
gal support vie
gre support eas move ion
lon hold
mos move lvn
mun support tyr move sil
nap support tys move ion
pie move ven
ser move tri
sil move boh
smy move eas
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move mos
vie support tri move tyr
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
bul move rum
bur move bel
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move boh
gre support eas move ion
lon move bre via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
nap move apu
pie support ven
rom move nap
smy move eas
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven support nap move apu
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support ion
apu support pie move ven
bel support bre move pic
boh support war move sil
bre move pic
eas support ion
eng support bre move pic
gre support ion
ion support adr move apu
lvn move stp
nap move rom
pie move ven
rum move gal
stp move nwy
tri support ven
tun move ion
tys move rom
ven support adr move apu
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
