PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil via convoy
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
ion move tun
kie move bal
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
sev move bla
tus move pie
ukr move rum
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move swe
bel move hol
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con support ank move bla
edi move yor
gal move bud
gre move ser
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nth move den
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
rum support gal move bud
sev move bla
sil move pru
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe move den
tun move naf
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla move sev
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
gal move bud
hol move kie
lon move nth
gol move wes
mid hold
naf move wes
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru move sil
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
spa move mar
stp move lvn
swe move den
tus move pie
tyr move vie
ven move apu
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army con
remove lvn
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
remove tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
apu move ven
bla move sev
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon move nth
gol move wes
mid support gol move wes
mar move gol
mun support kie move ber
naf move mid
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move bla
sil move ber
spa move mar
tus move pie
ukr move rum
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
ber hold
bla support arm move sev
bul support rum
bur move mun
gal support ukr move rum
ion move nap
lvp move yor
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru move war
rum hold
ser support adr move tri
sev support ukr move rum
sil hold
stp/nc hold
ukr move rum
wes support mid move naf
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet/dislodged naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove sil
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move cly
hol move kie
lon move nth
lvp move wal
gol move tus
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap hold
nth move ska
nwy move swe
pie support gol move tus
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
tri support ven
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr support mun move boh
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war support ukr move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tun move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
kie move ber
gol support pie move tus
nap support aeg move ion
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move swe
pie move tus
pru move war
rum support sev move ukr
ser move tri
sev move ukr
ska support nwy move swe
stp/nc hold
tri move adr
tun support wes move tys
tyr move ven
wal move yor
wes move tys
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army/dislodged tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bot
tys move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move tyr
bud move gal
cly hold
con move bul
den move swe
edi move yor
ion move tun
lon move hol via convoy
gol move tys
mar move pie
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move hol
pru support ber move sil
rom move tus
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
sev move mos
ska move den
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tus
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move gre
mos disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu support nap
bal convoy swe move lvn
boh support vie
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move hel
gal support ukr move war
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move nap
mos support ukr move war
nap support rom
nth convoy yor move den
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
rum move ukr
sil move war
stp/nc hold
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys support ion move nap
ukr move war
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support nap
bal move bot
boh move gal
bud move vie
con move bul
den move kie
gal support bud move vie
gre support aeg move ion
hel move den
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn support sil move war
mar move gol
mos support war
nap support rom
nth hold
pru support sil move war
ser support tri
sil move war
smy move eas
stp/nc hold
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support vie
tys support ion move nap
ukr support war
ven support tus move rom
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move adr
ber move pru
boh support vie
bot support lvn move stp
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
den move bal
eas move aeg
gal move vie
gre move alb
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol hold
mos move lvn
nap move rom
pru move lvn
rom support adr move apu
ser support tri
sil move war
stp/nc move bar
tri support gal move vie
tun move ion
tyr support vie
tys move nap
ukr support war
ven support adr move apu
wal move yor
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support tri
apu support tys move nap
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh support vie
bot support pru move lvn
bud move vie
con move gre via convoy
gal support bud move vie
ion move eas
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move den
pru move lvn
rom support tys move nap
rum move sev
ser support tri
sil move war
stp support pru move lvn
tri support bud move vie
tun support gol move tys
tyr support vie
tys move nap
ukr support war
ven support apu
war move pru
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move adr
apu move adr
bal convoy den move ber
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot support lvn
bud move vie
cly move edi
den move ber via convoy
eas support ion
gal support war
ion hold
lvn support pru move war
mos move lvn
nap support tun move ion
pie move tus
pru move war
rom move apu
ser support tri
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr support vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support war
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
apu move adr
bal convoy den move lvn
bar support stp
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot support stp
bud move vie
den move lvn via convoy
eas move ion
gal support war
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move lvn
nap support tun move ion
pru move war
rom move apu
ser support tri
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support war
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
apu support ion
boh move vie
bud support vie
eas move ion
edi move den via convoy
gal move war
ion hold
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mos hold
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move den
pru support war
rom hold
ser support tri
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp support mos
tri hold
tus hold
tyr support boh move vie
tys move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu move adr
bal convoy den move pru
boh support vie
bud support gal
den move pru via convoy
eas move ion
gal hold
gre hold
ion move alb
lon move den via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
mos move ukr
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move den
pru move war
rom hold
ser support tri
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri support adr move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr support gal
ven move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ion
bal convoy den move ber
boh support vie
bud support gal
den move ber via convoy
eas move ion
gal hold
gre support tri move alb
ion move tys
lon move den via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
mos move ukr
nap support alb move ion
nth convoy lon move den
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom move apu
ser support tri move alb
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri move alb
tun support alb move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
ukr support gal
ven move tri
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ukr move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
apu move alb via convoy
bal convoy ber move stp
ber move stp via convoy
boh support vie
bot convoy ber move stp
bud support alb move tri
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move den via convoy
gal move ukr
ion support apu move alb
lvn move mos
mos move sev
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move den
pru move lvn
rum support gal move ukr
ser support alb move tri
sev support gal move ukr
sil move gal
tun support ion
tus move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bal convoy den move stp
boh support vie
bot convoy den move stp
bud support tri
bul move gre
den move stp via convoy
eas move ion
gal support boh move vie
gre move alb
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
mos support war move ukr
nap support ion
pru move sil
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev move mos
stp move mos
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr support alb move tri
tys support ion
ukr move war
ven support alb move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
