PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
eng move mid
fin move swe
kie move den
mar move spa
nth move nwy
par move bre
pie move mar
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move par
con support bul
den move swe
eng move bel
gre move aeg
hol move kie
kie move bal
mos move ukr
nap move tys
nth support eng move bel
par move gas
rum move bla
ser move gre
sev support rum move bla
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ion
ank move con
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel support yor move hol
bla move con
bul move rum
con move smy
den support bal move swe
gas move bur
gre move bul
kie move bal
mos move war
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy support swe
pic move bre
pie support mar
pru move lvn
ser support gre move bul
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
swe support nth move den
tri move bud
tys move wes
ukr move rum
wes move mid
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
arm move ank
bal support den move swe
bel move pic
bla move arm
bre hold
bud support ser
bul support aeg move con
bur move mun
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nrg
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid convoy naf move gas
mar move spa
mos move war
naf move gas via convoy
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por move spa
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev support bla move arm
swe move nwy
tri move alb
war move sil
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ank move con
arm support sev move bla
bal move ber
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bul support con
con support aeg move smy
den support swe
eng support par move bre
gas support mar move bur
lvn move stp
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bre
pic support par move bre
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser move rum
sev move bla
sil move ber
ska move swe
smy support ank move con
spa support mid move por
swe support nrg move nwy
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove fin
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
remove ukr
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support smy move con
bal move ber
bla move sev
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move smy
den support ruh move kie
eng support lvp move iri
gre move bul/sc
kie move hol
lvn support nwy move stp
lvp move iri
mos move war
mun support ruh move kie
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sil move war
smy move con
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank support smy move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bul/sc move con
con move bla
den support ber move kie
eng move bre
gal support lvn move war
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie support bel move hol
lvn move war
mos support sil move war
mun move ber
par move bur
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev support con move bla
sil move war
ska move nth
smy move con
tri move vie
ukr support rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army/dislodged kie
Germany: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move mun
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove par
remove sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank support smy move con
bel support kie move hol
ber move sil
bla support bul/sc move con
bre support iri move mid
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur support tyr move mun
den move hel
edi move nth
gal move ukr
gas move par
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon support edi move nth
lvn move war
mid support spa move gas
mos move war
nth support mid move eng
nwy support edi move nth
por support mid
sev move arm
smy move con
spa move gas
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move sev
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army/dislodged hol
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
mun move ber
nth move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
arm move ank
ber support ruh move kie
bla support arm move ank
boh hold
bre support iri move mid
bur move bel
con support aeg move smy
den move kie
gal move war
gas move bre
hel support hol
hol support bel
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid move nat
mos move war
mun support sil move ber
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par support gas move bre
por support wes move mid
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil move ber
ska move swe
smy support ank
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove mos
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support bla move con
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla move con
boh support ber move mun
bre support par move pic
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move iri
gal move sil
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
iri move lvp
mid move nat
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nwy support nth
par move pic
por support mid
pru move lvn
rom move ven
sev move mos
ska support den move swe
smy move con
stp/nc support nwy
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con move smy
boh support sil
bur move bel
con move smy
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion hold
iri move mid
lvp move nat
mos support war move lvn
nat support por move mid
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
pic support bur move bel
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh support tyr move mun
sil support ukr move war
ska move den
smy move con
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move war
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
mun move bur
smy move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove hol
remove lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
boh move tyr
bre move par
bud move gal
bur move mar
den support nwy move swe
edi move nth
eng move lon
gre support ion
ion support tri move adr
iri move lvp
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nat support por move mid
nap move tys
nth support swe move den
pic move bur
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil move boh
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri move adr
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie support boh move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg convoy con move apu
bar move nrg
boh support gal move sil
bur move mar
con move apu via convoy
den move swe
edi move nth
gal move sil
gre support ion
ion convoy con move apu
kie support mun move ber
lon support edi move nth
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ber
nat move iri
nth move bel
par move pic
pie support bur move mar
stp move fin
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
mar move gas
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove nrg
remove pru
build Army rom
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
apu support ven move rom
bel move pic
ber support kie move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
den move swe
eng move bel
fin support stp move nwy
gas move spa
gre support aeg move ion
hol support eng move bel
ion move tys
iri move nat
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn move pru
lvp move iri
mar move gas
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nwy move nrg
pic support eng move bel
pie move tyr
rom support nap move apu
sil support tyr move mun
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu
apu support ven
bel hold
ber move kie
boh support vie move tyr
eng move bre
fin support nwy move swe
gal move sil
gas move spa
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move den
mun support sil move ber
nat move cly
nap move apu
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pie support tus move ven
pru support sil move ber
rom support nap move apu
sil move ber
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tys support ion move tun
ven support apu
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tun move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
