PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
den move swe
edi move bel via convoy
gal move bud
gas move spa/nc
ion move tun
kie move hol
mun hold
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
ser support adr move tri
spa move por
tri move vie
tus move ven
ukr move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
ber move bal
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul support gre move ser
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move nth
gal move boh
gre move ser
hol support bur move bel
kie support hol
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
por move spa
ser move rum
smy move eas
spa/nc move mid
tri move ven
tun support nap move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
rum move sev
tri move adr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move gre
bal move swe
bel hold
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul support sev move rum
con move aeg
den support bal move swe
eas support con move aeg
edi move nth
eng move pic
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
ion move adr
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
gol convoy spa move tus
mid move bre
mun support kie move ruh
nwy support edi move nth
pic support bel
ruh move bel
rum support bud move ser
ser support gal move bud
sev move rum
spa move tus via convoy
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri support boh move vie
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
rum move ukr
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army rom
remove tyr
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel support ruh move bur
bot support mos move stp
bre hold
bud support rum
bul move ser
bur move gas
con hold
den support swe
eas move ion
eng move mid
gre support eas move ion
hol support kie move ruh
ion support tri move alb
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
gol convoy tus move mar
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel
nwy support stp/nc
pic move par
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ruh move bur
ser move tri
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tri move alb
tun move tys
tus move mar via convoy
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ven move tri
bel support bur
bot support lvn move stp
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den move ska
gas support par move mar
gre support aeg move ion
hol support bur move bel
ion move adr
iri move mid
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
nth support bel
nwy support stp/nc
par move pic
rom move ven
ruh support bur move bel
rum hold
ser move tri
stp/nc support nwy
swe support den move ska
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gas
build Fleet kie
remove tys
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move alb
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bar move nrg
bel support ruh move bur
bot support mos move stp
bud move vie
bul move ser
con hold
eng move mid
gre support aeg move ion
hol support bel
kie move den
mid move nat
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pic move bre
por move mid
rom support ven
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser move alb
ska move nwy
spa/sc support eng move mid
stp move fin
swe support ska move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
ven support alb move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support bud move tri
bel support bur move pic
bot move bal
bre move par
bud move tri
bul/ec hold
bur move pic
con move bul
den support ska move nth
fin move nwy
gal move sil
gre support con move bul
hol support bel
ion move nap
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat move cly
nth support nwy
nrg support nth
nwy support nth
por move mid
rom support ven
ser support bud move tri
ska move nth
spa/sc support mid move por
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tyr support adr move ven
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec disband
nwy move bar
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army bre
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb support ser move tri
bal move swe
bel hold
bre move pic
bul move gre
cly move edi
den support ska move nth
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move nap
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap support gre move ion
nth hold
nrg support nth
nwy support bal move swe
par support mar move bur
pic move bre
por move mid
rom support ion move nap
ser move tri
sil support vie move boh
ska move nth
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp support nwy
swe move bot
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven support rom
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move tys
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg support ion
alb move apu via convoy
bel support ruh move bur
boh support tyr move mun
bot hold
bre move pic
bur support bre move pic
den move nth
edi support nth
gre move tun via convoy
hol hold
ion convoy gre move tun
lvn hold
mid move wes
nap support wes move tys
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
par support bur
pic support ruh move bur
pru move ber
rom support tus move ven
ruh move bur
sil support pru move ber
ska support den move nth
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet con
build Army mos
remove pic
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
apu move rom
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh hold
bre move pic
bur move mar
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
edi support nth
fin move swe
hol move kie
ion support tys move nap
lvn move war
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun support ber move kie
nap support rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
rom support nap
sil move ber
ska support den
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun hold
tys move nap
ven support apu move rom
war move sil
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp
rom disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bar support swe move nwy
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mar
den move swe
edi move nrg
fin move swe
gre support ion
hol move kie
ion support tun
lvn move pru
mar move spa
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bur
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
sil move ber
ska support nwy
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun hold
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven support nap move rom
war move gal
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet lon
remove rum
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bur hold
con move bul
den support ska move swe
fin support swe
gal move boh
gre support con move bul
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon move eng
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
sil support mun
ska move swe
spa move naf via convoy
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move pie
ven support tus move pie
wes support spa move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh support mun
bul move ser
bur support ruh
con move bul
den support hol move kie
eng move mid
fin support swe
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move tun
gol move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap support tys
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
sil support mun
ska support nwy
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ven
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys support rom move tus
ven support tus move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp move nwy
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bul move con
bur support mar
den support kie
eng hold
fin support swe
ion support nap move tys
kie support ruh
mar support bur
mun move kie
naf hold
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie hold
por hold
pru support ber
ruh support kie
ser move alb
sil support tyr move mun
ska support nwy
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ven
tun support tys move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tus via convoy
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mar
con hold
den support ska move swe
eng support mid
fin support swe
ion convoy alb move tus
kie support ruh
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar support bur
mun move bur
naf hold
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support kie
sil support tyr move mun
ska move swe
spa/sc support mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun support wes
tyr move mun
tys convoy alb move tus
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove gas
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar support stp move nwy
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur move mar
con move bul
den support ska move swe
eng support mid
fin support swe
ion move tun
kie support ruh
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar move gas
mun move bur
naf move tus via convoy
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support kie
sil move mun
ska move swe
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move naf
tus move ven
tyr support sil move mun
tys convoy naf move tus
ven move tri
wes convoy naf move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bul move rum
bur move par
den support ska move swe
eng move bre
fin support swe
gas move spa
kie support ruh
gol support gas move spa
mid move bre
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support kie
sil move mun
ska move swe
spa/sc support mid
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move bud
tun move naf
tus move ven
tyr support sil move mun
tys move ion
ven move tri
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove ber
build Army con
remove mun
build Army smy
remove swe
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar move nwy
boh support tyr move vie
bud support rum move gal
bur move bel
con move bul
den support ska move swe
eng move wal
fin move stp
ion move adr
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa move gas
naf move mid
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
por support mid move spa
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev move ukr
ska move swe
smy move arm
spa move gas
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ven support tri
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh support vie
bud move vie
bul move rum
den support swe
gal move boh
gas support gol move spa
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar support gol move spa
mos move ukr
mun support ber
naf support wes move mid
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move gas
por move spa
stp move mos
swe support den
tri support bud move vie
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie hold
wal hold
war support mos move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bar
build Army con
remove hol
build Army kie
build Army smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move arm
ber support mun
bla support sev
boh move sil
bre move mid
con move bul
den support swe
gal hold
gas support mar
kie move hol
gol support spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gas
mos support ukr
mun support ber
naf move mid
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par support bre
por hold
rum support gal
sev support rum
smy move con
spa/sc support mid move por
swe support den
tri support tyr
tyr support vie
ukr hold
vie support gal
wal hold
war support ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm support sev
bel hold
bla support sev
bre move gas
bul move ser
con move bul
gal hold
gas move bre
gol support mar
mar hold
mos support ukr
naf hold
nwy support stp/nc
par support bre move gas
por support spa/sc
rum support gal
sev hold
sil hold
spa/sc support por
stp/nc support nwy
tri support tyr
tyr hold
ukr hold
vie support gal
wal hold
war support ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gas
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gas move bur
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
