PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie hold
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bot move swe
bur move ruh
eng convoy wal move bre
kie move hol
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
rum hold
sev hold
spa hold
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war support ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
bur move ruh
den move nth
eng convoy wal move bel
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move hel
lon move nth
nap move tys
rum support bud move ser
spa move por
swe move bal
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
wal move bel
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support war move pru
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bul hold
con support bul
eng convoy wal move bel
gre move aeg
hol move bel
lon move nth
mos move ukr
nwy move swe
por hold
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move aeg
tri move alb
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move war
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
remove pru
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser
ank move bla
bal move bot
bel move bur
ber move mun
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul support ukr move rum
con support bul
den hold
eng support nth
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mun support boh move sil
nth support eng
pic move bel
por move spa
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri move adr
tys move ion
ukr support war
ven move tyr
wal move lon
war support ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move bur
ber support ruh move mun
bla support ukr move rum
bot hold
bre support pic
bud support rum
bul move con
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
gre move aeg
hel move hol
hol hold
ion hold
iri move mid
lon hold
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth support eng move bel
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum support bud
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe hold
tyr move boh
tys support ion
ukr move rum
war support ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
alb support gre
bel hold
ber hold
bla move con
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul move con
con move smy
gas move par
gre support bul
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move wal
lvp move iri
mid move por
mun support ruh move kie
nth move den
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
swe support nth move den
tys move rom
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bel move eng
ber support ruh move mun
bla move con
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move mar
den support swe
gal move war
gre move aeg
iri move mid
kie hold
mar move spa
mun support sil move ber
nap move tys
par move bur
pic move eng
por hold
ruh move mun
rum support bul
sil move ber
smy support bla move con
swe support den
vie support gal
wal hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove mar
remove ruh
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel support lon move eng
ber hold
bul hold
con move aeg
den support swe
edi move nth
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
iri move mid
kie hold
lon move eng
mun support sil move ber
pic move bel
por support iri move mid
rom move tys
rum support gal move ukr
ser support bul
sil move ber
smy move con
spa move por
swe support den
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
bel move pic
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move bel
con move aeg
den support swe
eas support con move aeg
eng convoy lon move bre
ion move eas
kie move mun
mid support lon move bre
mun move boh
nth move hol
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
ser move bud
smy move con
spa move por
swe support den
tyr hold
tys move tun
ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel support nth move hol
ber move sil
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support pic
con move aeg
den support swe
eas support con move aeg
eng hold
gal move ukr
ion move eas
lon hold
mid support por move spa/sc
mos support rum move sev
mun move boh
nth move hol
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
smy move con
swe support den
tun support tys move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
ion move adr
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move smy
ank support smy move con
bel move pic
boh support vie
bud hold
bur support pic move bel
con support aeg move smy
den move kie
eas move aeg
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support ukr move war
ion move adr
mid support lon move bre
mos move stp
nth move hol
pic move bel
sev move arm
sil support boh
smy move con
spa/sc hold
swe hold
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move war
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bul
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support con move smy
arm move ank
boh move gal
bud support gal move vie
bul support smy move con
bur move gas
con move smy
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move vie
ion move tys
kie hold
lvp move iri
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
nap move rom
nth move hel
ser support vie move bud
sil support boh move gal
smy move con
spa/sc support mid
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri support adr move ven
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support smy move con
bud support tri move vie
bul support smy move con
con move smy
eng move bre
gal support sil move war
gas support mar move spa/sc
hel move hol
iri hold
kie support hel move hol
lon hold
mid support eng move bre
mar move spa/sc
nth move nwy
nwy hold
rom move tys
rum hold
ser move tri
sil move war
smy move con
swe support nth move nwy
tri move vie
tys move ion
ven hold
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
hol move ruh
nwy move stp
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
boh move mun
bud support tri move ser
bul move ser
con move aeg
gal move boh
gas support pic move bre
ion convoy nap move alb
nap move alb
pic move bre
rom move ven
rum support bul move ser
stp move mos
tri move ser
tys hold
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
war hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
boh move mun
bre hold
bud hold
bul move ser
con move bul
gas move spa
ion hold
mos move war
mun hold
rom move nap
rum support bul move ser
spa/sc move por
tri move tyr
tys support ion
ven move tri
vie support bud
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
boh support tyr move mun
bud support alb move ser
bul move gre
gre move alb
ion convoy nap move alb
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
mun move ber
nap move alb
par move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
spa move gas
tri hold
tyr move mun
vie support bud
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ber hold
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud support alb move ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
gas move bre
gre move alb
ion convoy nap move alb
mos hold
nap move alb
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move ukr
tri hold
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bel move hol
ber move pru
bud support rum move gal
bul move ser
eng convoy bre move wal
gal support war
gre move alb
mos move war
mun move ber
nap move rom
por move mid
ruh support bel move hol
rum move gal
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support por move mid
ukr support mos move war
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Italy: army/dislodged war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
ber hold
boh support vie
bud support gal move vie
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move vie
gre move alb
lvn move stp
mid move nat
pru move sil
ser support gre move alb
sil support ber
tri hold
ukr move gal
vie hold
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
sil move mun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ber support mun move sil
boh support vie
bud move vie
eng move nth
gal support bud move vie
hol support ruh move kie
mar move gol
mun move sil
nat move lvp
nap move rom
rom move tus
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
tri hold
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ber hold
boh support tyr move vie
bre move gas
gal support war move sil
hol move nth
kie hold
lvp hold
gol move tys
nth move edi
pru support war move sil
rom support tus move ven
sil support ber
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tus move ven
tyr move vie
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sil move mun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ber hold
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move tri
edi move nrg
gal support vie move boh
gas move bur
kie move den
lvn move pru
lvp support mid move iri
mid move iri
mar move gol
mos support pru move war
mun support ber
par move pic
pru move war
rom support ven
sil support vie move boh
tri move ven
tyr hold
tys move ion
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ber support mun move sil
boh support tri move tyr
bud move ser
bur move mar
den hold
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move vie
ion move gre
iri move wal
gol move tys
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pru move lvn
rom move ven
sil support war
tri move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sil move gal
tyr move mun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move tri
eng move lon
gal move sil
gre move bul/sc
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun support tri move tyr
nrg move nth
par move bur
pic move par
rom move tys
ser support bud move tri
sil hold
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven support tri move tyr
vie support bud move tri
wal support eng move lon
war support stp move lvn
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move mos
mun move ruh
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support ruh move mun
boh move mun
bul/sc hold
bur support ruh move mun
den move kie
gal move sil
iri move mid
lon hold
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth move ska
par move gas
rom move tys
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sil support ruh move mun
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
wal move eng
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber hold
boh move mun
bul/sc move con
bud support vie move tri
bur move ruh
eng move nth
gas move bur
gre move bul
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move apu
nwy support ska move swe
pru move ber
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
tri hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ven hold
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Italy: army/dislodged ber
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
mun move kie
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move ank
ber hold
bud move rum
bul hold
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
den move kie
eng move mid
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move ska
nwy move bar
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sil support mun
swe hold
tri hold
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven move tus
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mar
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support mun move kie
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
eng move nth
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun move kie
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev move arm
sil move mun
ska move swe
swe move bot
tri support tyr move ven
tus hold
tyr move ven
tys move ion
vie move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support tus move ven
arm move ank
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bot move stp/sc
bul move con
bur move ruh
eng move nth
gal move boh
kie move den
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move hel
pie support tus move ven
ser move bul
sil move mun
swe move bal
tri support ven move tyr
tus move ven
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move ank
bal move ber
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul move con
den move kie
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
kie move ber
nwy move ska
ser support tri
sil support boh move mun
tri hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie support tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal move ber
bul move con
bur move mun
den move kie
gal move war
ion move tun
kie hold
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun hold
nth move den
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bud
sil support mun
ska support nth move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Austria: army/dislodged den
France: fleet den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
boh support mun
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mun
mar move pie
mun hold
par move bur
pie move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
ska move swe
spa/sc move wes
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr support ven
tys support wes move tun
ven hold
vie support tyr
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
ank hold
apu support tys move nap
ber move pru
boh support mun
bul move con
bur move mun
den move kie
gal move war
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nap hold
par move bur
pie support tus move ven
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
swe move bot
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr support ven move mun
ven hold
vie support tyr
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/sc move fin
ven move tri
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
