PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
eng support yor move bel
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/nc
mar move bur
mun hold
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bre
rum hold
smy move con
stp move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
bre support par move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur support par move pic
con move bul
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre support con move bul
kie move bal
lon move nth
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move fin
par move pic
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move ukr
smy move eas
spa/nc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal hold
bel support hel move hol
ber move kie
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support boh move vie
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
eng support bel
fin move nwy
gal support ukr move rum
gre support bul move ser
hel move hol
ion hold
mun hold
nth support hel move hol
nwy move ska
pic move bel
sev support ukr move rum
spa/nc move por
swe hold
tri support vie
tys support ion
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal move swe
bre support pic
bud move vie
bul/sc move gre
bur support pic
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
nth support bel
nwy move den
pic support bur
por move mid
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev hold
ska convoy nwy move den
swe support nwy move den
tri support vie
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ven move adr
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal move kie
bel hold
ber support bal move kie
bre support pic
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move ruh
den support bal move kie
eng support iri move mid
gre move ion
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support ska move den
nap support adr move ion
nth support bel
nwy move swe
pic hold
por support spa/sc move mid
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move mun
ska support swe move den
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri support vie
tyr support tri
tys move tun
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bre hold
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
den move bal
eng move pic
gre support aeg move ion
hel move kie
ion move tun
iri move nat
lvn move pru
nap move tys
nth move hol
pic move bel
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh support pic move bel
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
ska move den
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe support ska move den
tri support adr move alb
tyr support vie move tri
tys move tun
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
alb support ser
bal move ber
bel hold
ber move mun
bre move par
bud support alb move tri
bul move rum
bur move par
den move nth
gre support alb
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mid move bre
mun move boh
nat move iri
nap support adr move ion
nwy move nrg
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support bal move ber
ruh support bel
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil support bal move ber
swe move den
tri support vie
tyr support tri
tys move tun
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove boh
build Army mar
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support ser
bel move bur
ber support mun move kie
bre move par
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bla
den move lon
gre support alb
hol support pic move bel
ion move adr
mid move bre
mar support bel move bur
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth convoy den move lon
nrg move edi
pic move bel
pru move war
ruh support bel move bur
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie move bud
tun support nap move ion
tyr support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
alb support ser
ber hold
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud support tyr move vie
bur move bel
con move bla
edi hold
gal support ukr move rum
gre support alb
hol support bel
ion hold
kie move den
lon hold
mid support bre move eng
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth move den
par move pic
ruh support bur move bel
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
tri support bud
tun support ion
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove mar
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support ser
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla move arm
boh support gal move vie
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move bla
edi move cly
eng move bel
gal move vie
gre support alb
hol move hel
ion hold
kie move den
lon hold
mid move eng
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth move hol
pic support eng move bel
ruh support eng move bel
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
sil move mun
tri support vie
tun move naf
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
rum move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla move sev
boh support sil move mun
bud support rum
bur support mun
cly move edi
con move ank
den move swe
eng support naf move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol move hel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon hold
mos move stp
mun move boh
naf move mid
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bla move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
tri support bud
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Russia: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move nth
mun move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
remove gal
remove hel
build Army mar
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move con
bal move den
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla support rum move sev
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bur move mun
edi move nrg
eng move wal
gre move bul
hol support bel
iri move nat
kie move hol
lon hold
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nth support kie move hol
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev hold
smy move arm
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri support bud
tun move wes
tyr support tri
ukr move war
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla hold
bud support gal
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bul/sc
eng move lon
gal move war
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
kie hold
lon hold
mid move iri
mun support ruh move kie
nat move lvp
nth support stp move nwy
nrg support stp move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move war
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
wal support eng move lon
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army/dislodged lon
France: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bre move eng
bud move ser
den support ska move nth
gal support vie move bud
gas move bur
hol hold
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie support mun
lon support bre move eng
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun support kie
par move pic
sev move mos
ska move nth
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move mos
vie move bud
wal support iri move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move pru
bud move rum
bur move mun
cly support nth move edi
den move swe
eng move nth
gal support bud move rum
hol support eng move nth
ion support tri move alb
kie support bur move mun
lon support eng move nth
gol move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move boh
nth move edi
pic move bel
ruh support kie
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
tri move alb
ukr support gal move war
wal move eng
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
bel hold
bla support sev move rum
boh support ruh move mun
bul/sc support gre
cly move nrg
con support bul/sc
eng move nth
gal support rum
gre support bul/sc
hol support eng move nth
ion move gre
kie support nth move den
lon support eng move nth
mos move war
mun move ber
nap hold
nth move den
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support ion move gre
sev move rum
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tys move ion
ukr support mos move war
ven move tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bel hold
ber support mun move sil
bla support sev move rum
boh support mun move sil
bul/sc support aeg move gre
con support bul/sc
den support nth move ska
edi move cly
gal move vie
gre move ion
hol support lon move nth
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvp move iri
gol hold
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth move ska
nrg move nat
nwy hold
pru move war
rum move gal
ser hold
sev move rum
tri move tyr
ukr support sev move rum
ven move pie
war support ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove pru
build Army smy
remove tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move mun
bre move mid
bul/sc move aeg
cly move lvp
con move bul
den move bal
gal support war move sil
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support boh move mun
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
nat support iri move mid
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tus
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
ska hold
smy move con
stp move fin
tun move wes
tyr move ven
tys support tun move wes
ukr move mos
vie support gal
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
bel move nth
ber move sil
bla move con
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
eng support bre move mid
fin support mos move stp
gal support sil
kie hold
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nat move nrg
pru move war
sev move ukr
sil support ukr move war
ska support bal move swe
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus support ven move pie
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur support mar
con move aeg
eng support bre move mid
fin support stp move nwy
gal support sil
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvp move nat
gol convoy tus move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun support pru move sil
naf support wes move mid
nth hold
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pie support gol move mar
por support mid move spa
pru move sil
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
ska support swe
stp move nwy
tus move mar via convoy
tyr move mun
ukr move war
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
ber move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bur support mar
eng support bre move mid
fin support nwy
gal support sil
ion move tys
kie support ber move mun
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf support tys move wes
nat move nrg
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
nwy support mos move stp
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move sil
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support war move pru
ska support swe
spa/sc support bre move mid
swe hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army con
remove nrg
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support ruh move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mar
con move bul
edi move cly
eng move iri
fin support nwy move swe
gal support ukr move war
ion hold
kie support ber
lvn move pru
gol convoy tus move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
naf move mid
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie support gol move mar
por support mid
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
ska move den
spa/sc support mid
swe move bal
tun move naf
tus move mar via convoy
tyr move mun
tys support gol
ukr move war
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur move mun
cly move lvp
den support kie
fin support swe
gal move vie
gas support mar
ion hold
iri support cly move lvp
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol convoy tus move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf move mid
nat move nrg
pie support gol move mar
por support mid
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mid
swe hold
tun move naf
tus move mar via convoy
tys support gol
ukr move mos
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove lvn
remove nrg
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bur move mun
con move bul
den support kie
fin move swe
gas support mar
ion hold
iri support mid
kie support ber
lvp move cly
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun support pru move ber
naf move mid
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
sil support mun
spa/sc support mar
swe move den
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bul move ser
bur move mun
cly move nrg
den support kie
fin move nwy
gal move bud
gas support mar
ion move nap
iri support mid
kie support ber
lvn move war
gol support wes
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun support sil
pie hold
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
spa/sc support mar
swe hold
tun support naf
tus hold
tyr hold
tys move rom
ukr move rum
vie hold
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet smy
remove tun
remove tus
remove vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support ber
ber support bur move mun
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
gal move boh
gas support mar
iri support mid
kie support ber
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun support sil
naf support wes
nap move apu
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru support sil
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ser move tri
sil support mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
war support pru
wes support gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tri move ven
arm move sev
bal support den move swe
bar move nwy
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move swe
gas support mar
iri support mid
kie support bur move mun
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
naf support wes
nwy support swe
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru support sil
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
sil support mun
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys move tun
vie support ser move tri
war support pru
wes support gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army/dislodged swe
France: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
