PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par hold
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move syr
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
eng move bel
hol move hel
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move por
mun hold
nth convoy yor move den
par move pic
rom hold
rum hold
ser move bul
spa hold
syr move smy
ukr support rum
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
hel move hol
lon move eng
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move den
por support spa
rom move apu
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
smy move arm
spa support par move mar
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun support nap move ion
ukr support rum
ven hold
war move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
apu hold
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla support rum move bul
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den hold
eng move bel
gal move rum
hel support kie
ion move eas
kie move den
mos move sev
nth support den
nwy move swe
pic move bur
por move spa/sc
rum move bul/ec
ser move gre
spa move gas
tun move ion
tyr hold
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu support ven
bel move hol
bla support ukr move rum
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support hol move kie
eas move aeg
gal move vie
gas support bur move mar
gre move aeg
hel support kie
hol move kie
ion support eas move aeg
kie move den
lon move eng
nth move hel
par move pic
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev move mos
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tyr hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support eas move smy
apu move ven
ber move kie
bla hold
bul move gre
con move bul
den support kie
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal move bud
gas move bur
hel move kie
hol support eng move bel
ion support aeg move gre
kie hold
mos move stp
nth move ska
pic move bur
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
sev hold
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
ven hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
remove hel
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move ven
bel move eng
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support war move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
den move kie
gas move bur
gre support ion move aeg
hel move kie
hol support lon move bel
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
gol move pie
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move nth
pic hold
ruh move mun
rum support bud
sev support rum
ska move den
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tyr move vie
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
arm move syr
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla move rum
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
fin support nwy
gal support bud move vie
gre support ion move aeg
hol move bel
ion move aeg
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy hold
pic move bur
pie hold
rum move bud
sev hold
ska move den
smy move aeg
stp move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
apu support ven
bel move eng
ber hold
boh move gal
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
den hold
eng move iri
fin move swe
gal move vie
gre support aeg move bul
ion move adr
kie move mun
lon move bel via convoy
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support fin move swe
ruh support kie move mun
rum hold
sev support rum
smy move aeg
syr move smy
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move bul/sc
bel hold
ber hold
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
den move kie
eng move nth
gal move war
gre support aeg move bul
iri move nat
mid move bre
mar move bur
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie move gol
ruh support mun
sev support rum
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
syr move smy
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove gol
build Army mos
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg move bul/sc
ber move bal
boh support vie move mun
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move bul
den move ska
gal move vie
gre support aeg move bul
kie move den
mos move ukr
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
ruh move kie
rum move bla
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
syr move smy
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg move ion
apu move alb via convoy
bal support den move swe
bla support con move bul
bud support rum move ser
bul/sc hold
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre support bul/sc
kie move ber
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
rum move ser
sev move rum
ska support nrg move nwy
smy support con
swe move nwy
tri hold
ven support tri
vie hold
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
swe disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support tri
bal move bot
bar move nrg
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
bud support ser
bul/sc hold
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre support bul/sc
ion move tun
lvp move iri
mun hold
nap move tys
nth support bel
nwy support edi move nrg
rum support con move bul
ser hold
ska move den
smy move con
swe move fin
tri hold
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie move boh
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support tri
bar move nwy
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bla move bul/ec
boh move tyr
bot support fin move stp
bud support ser
bul move con
bur move mun
con move smy
den move bal
eng move iri
fin move stp/sc
gal move boh
ion support tys move tun
iri move wal
lon move bel via convoy
mar move bur
mun support bel move ruh
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg support nwy move bar
nwy move bar
rum support bla move bul
ser support bud
tri hold
tun move wes
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
bal move den
bar move nrg
bel move bur
ber support mun
boh support vie move tyr
bot hold
bud move tri
bul/ec hold
bur move mun
con move smy
ion move aeg
iri hold
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun support boh move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move nat
ruh support mun
rum move bla
ser support bud move tri
sil move gal
stp/sc hold
tri hold
tun hold
tyr hold
ven support tri
vie move tyr
wal support lvp move iri
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: fleet/dislodged iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
iri move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
bel support ruh move bur
ber support mun
bla support bul/ec
boh move vie
bud support ser
bul/ec hold
bur move mun
den move nth
eng move bre
gal support boh move vie
gre move bul/sc
iri support nat move mid
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh move bur
ser support bud
smy hold
spa/sc hold
tri hold
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven support tri
wal move eng
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move con
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla support ank move con
bot support stp/sc
bre move gas
bul/ec hold
bur support bel move pic
con support gre move bul
eng move bre
gal hold
iri move eng
lon move bel via convoy
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support bur
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
pie support mar
rum support bul/ec
ser support bud move tri
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move por
stp/sc support bot
tri hold
tyr support bud move tri
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support bul/ec
bre move gas
bud support ser move tri
bul/ec hold
bur support pic move par
eng move iri
gas move spa/nc
mid move por
nat move mid
nth move eng
pic move par
rum move ser
ser move tri
tyr move ven
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove pie
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur move ruh
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move sil
gas move spa/nc
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar move spa
par move gas
pic move bur
por support gas move spa
ser move tri
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bul/ec move con
bal support ber
ber hold
boh move tyr
bul/ec move con
bur support mun
eng convoy wal move pic
gas move mar
iri move mid
mid move wes
mar move spa
mun hold
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
ser hold
sil move boh
spa/nc move por
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ven move rom
wal move pic via convoy
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bal move swe
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move mun
boh support war move sil
bur support gas move mar
con move aeg
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move mar
ion move nap
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move stp
gol move tus
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun move sil
pic move bel
pie support ven move tus
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sev move ukr
spa/nc move por
stp/sc hold
tyr hold
ven move tus
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/sc move fin
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel move hol
boh move mun
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
eng move nth
fin hold
gre move ser
ion move gre
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support tys move tun
pic move bel
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
rom support pie move tus
ruh support mun
sil move ber
smy move ank
spa/nc move mid
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven support pie move tus
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
ank move con
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh move mun
bul/sc move gre
bur support pie move mar
fin hold
gal move bud
hol move kie
lon hold
mid move gas
mar move spa
mos move war
mun hold
nth support swe move nwy
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev move bla
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc hold
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tyr support tus move pie
ven move apu
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
England: fleet gas
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
England: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
ber hold
bla move bul/ec
boh support tyr move mun
bud move tri
bur move bel
con move bul
eas support aeg move ion
fin move stp/sc
gas move mid
gre support aeg move ion
hol hold
kie support mun
lon move den via convoy
mar move pie
mun hold
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support fin move stp
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
tun move ion
tus support ven move pie
tyr move mun
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
