PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev hold
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh hold
bot move swe
bul move gre
eng convoy wal move bel
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
par move bre
ser move rum
sev hold
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tyr hold
wal move bel via convoy
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support sev
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
eng support bel
gre move bul
hol move hel
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
nap support tun move ion
nth move hel
par move bur
por move mid
ruh hold
rum support mos move sev
sev hold
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support nth move den
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven move apu
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg convoy con move gre
apu move alb via convoy
bel hold
bla support bul
boh move mun
bul support con move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move gre via convoy
den move nwy
eng support bel
gas move bre
hol hold
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid move iri
nap support ion
nth move den
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser hold
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
swe support nth move den
ukr move war
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move rum
boh move mun
bre move wal via convoy
bul support gre
bur move bel
den move hel
eng move wal
gre support bul
hol move hel
ion move adr
iri convoy bre move wal
lvp hold
mid convoy bre move wal
mos move lvn
nap move apu
nth support bel
nwy hold
pic support bur move bel
pru move war
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
swe hold
ukr support sev
ven support alb move tri
vie move tyr
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre move lvp via convoy
bul move rum
bur move bel
den hold
eng move bre
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion support apu move adr
iri convoy bre move lvp
kie move mun
lvn move pru
lvp move iri
mid convoy bre move lvp
mun support tyr
nth support bel
nwy support swe
pic support bur move bel
pru move war
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
swe support nwy
tri support ven
tyr move ven
ukr support sev
ven support tri
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
bre move lvp via convoy
bud move tri
bul/sc move aeg
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng support lvp move iri
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move alb
iri convoy bre move lvp
kie move den
lvp move iri
mid convoy bre move lvp
mun hold
nth support bel
nwy support swe
pic move bre
pru move war
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser move rum
sev hold
swe support nwy
tri move vie
tyr support bud move tri
ukr support ser move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb support ven move tri
bel support nth move hol
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move kie
eng move pic
gal move ukr
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie move den
mid move bre
nth move hol
nwy support swe
pic move bre
rom move ven
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
swe support nwy
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove gal
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support sev
bre move eng
bud hold
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
eng support iri
gas move bur
hol move bel
iri support eng
kie move mun
mid support bre move eng
mos move sev
mun hold
nth support bel
nwy support swe
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tri support vie move bud
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bud hold
bul support ser
bur support pic move bel
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
hol move bel
ion support ven move alb
iri move mid
kie move den
mid support bre move eng
mos move sev
mun support den move kie
nth support bel
nwy support swe
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum support sev move ukr
ser support rum
sev move ukr
tri support bud
tyr move boh
ukr support gal move rum
ven move alb via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move ion
alb move ser
arm support sev
bel support ruh move hol
bla move rum
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
bur support boh move mun
eng support iri
gal move rum
gre support ser move alb
ion support ven move alb
iri support eng
mid support bre move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun hold
nwy support swe
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser move alb
sev hold
swe support nwy
tri support alb move ser
ukr support gal move rum
ven move alb via convoy
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre move ion
alb move ser
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla support sev move rum
bre move eng
bud support alb move ser
bul support sev move rum
bur move ruh
den hold
eng support iri move mid
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie move hol
mid move nat
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move bel
nwy support swe
rum support mos move sev
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
swe support nwy
tri support alb move ser
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
rum move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber move mun
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum move ser
den move nth
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
gre support rum move ser
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move den
mar move gol
mun support ruh move kie
nat move lvp
nap support adr move ion
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser support bud
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri move alb
tun support adr move ion
tyr move boh
ukr support sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
alb support ion move gre
bel hold
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul move con
eng support iri move mid
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie support ska move den
lvp hold
gol move wes
mun support kie
nth move bel
nrg move nat
nwy hold
rum support tri move ser
ser move bul
sev hold
ska move den
spa/sc move mid
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tys move nap
ukr support rum
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove nat
build Army par
remove tys
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb support gre
bel support par move bur
ber move kie
bre move eng
bul support con
con support bul
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie support sil move ber
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun support sil move ber
nap move ion
nth move eng
par move bur
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
tun support nap move ion
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
war hold
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ber support mun
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move gre
bur hold
con move ank
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
iri move lvp
lvp support mid move nat
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mun support ber
nth move eng
ser move bul
tun hold
tyr move vie
ven hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank move smy
ber support mun
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bla
den hold
hol support kie
ion move eas
iri move lvp
lvn hold
lvp move iri
mid support bre move eng
nat move nrg
nth move eng
nwy hold
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
swe hold
tun move ion
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul move con
con move smy
den hold
eas support con move smy
eng move lon
hol support kie
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
lvn move pru
lvp hold
mid hold
mun move boh
nth move lon
nrg move edi
nwy hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move ank
swe hold
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove iri
build Army mar
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel hold
ber hold
boh hold
bud support ser
bul move con
bur move mun
con move smy
den hold
eas support con move smy
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gre move bul
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move sev
nth move lon
nwy hold
pru move war
rom move ven
rum support mos move sev
ser support bud
sev hold
smy move syr
spa/sc hold
swe hold
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
ank support arm
arm support ank
bud hold
bur support mun
con support smy move ank
den hold
eas move ion
edi move nrg
eng support wal move lon
hol move ruh
kie support mun
lon hold
mun hold
nth support edi move nrg
nwy hold
rum hold
ser support bul
sev move arm
smy move ank
swe support den
syr move smy
ukr support rum
vie support bud
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
remove yor
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support smy move con
bel move ruh
ber move pru
boh move sil
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur support ruh move mun
eng move mid
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
par move gas
ruh move mun
ser move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
tri move vie
vie move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar support nrg move nwy
bel move hol
boh move sil
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bla
den move nth
gal support pru move war
gas move bur
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move naf
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth support kie move den
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pru move war
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
sev move mos
swe support nwy
tys support ion move tun
ven move tus
vie support gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support nrg move nwy
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bud move tri
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move swe
gal support war
hol move kie
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move ber
naf support wes move tun
nap move tys
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
sil move pru
tun support tys move wes
tus support ven move pie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support sil move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support gal move sil
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move swe
gal move sil
ion support wes move tun
kie support mun
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move spa
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap move tys
nth move ska
nwy support bar move stp
pie support tus
pru support gal move sil
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
tri move vie
tun support mid move wes
tus support pie
tyr move mun
war support sev move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bre move pic
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
ion move tun
kie support mun
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap support tys
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska move swe
spa move gas
tun support wes move tys
tus move ven
tyr support sil move mun
tys support ion move tun
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bur support mun
den move swe
kie support ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ber
naf support tun
nwy support stp/nc
pic move bel
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tun hold
wes support gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
