PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud support vie move tri
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bla support con move bul
bot convoy stp move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mos move war
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
spa hold
stp move swe
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie support ber move mun
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
pic support bre move eng
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr move tri
ven support ser move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move nap
bal move swe
bel hold
bla convoy con move arm
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
con move arm
eng support ruh move bel
gre move ion
hol support bel
kie move den
mun move ruh
pic support ruh move bel
pie move tus
ruh move bel
swe move den
tri support bud move vie
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove ion
remove kie
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
edi move yor
eng support bel
gre move ion
hol move bel
mar move bur
nap move ion
nth move den
par support mar move bur
pic move bre
por move spa
ruh support hol move bel
rum move sev
sev move rum
swe support bal move den
tri support ven move tyr
tus move tys
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bur move mun
sev move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
den move kie
eng support pic move bel
gre move ion
mos hold
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy hold
par support bur
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh support bel
rum move ukr
sev support bul move rum
spa move gas
swe move den
tri support bud move vie
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hol
remove mun
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support bur move ruh
ber move sil
bla convoy con move rum
bre hold
bud support tri move vie
bur move ruh
con move rum
den move kie
eng support bel
gas move mar
ion support rom move tys
kie move hol
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
par move bur
rom move tys
ruh support kie move hol
rum move gal
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
ukr support rum move gal
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ruh move mun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel move lon
bla move sev
boh support sil move mun
bre move pic
bud move gal
bur move mun
eng convoy bel move lon
gal move war
ion move tun
kie support tyr move mun
mar move bur
mos move sev
nth move den
nwy move stp
ruh support bur move mun
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support bud move gal
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support sev move mos
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tun move wes
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove mun
remove pic
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel support ruh
bla support rum
boh support sil move gal
bot move bal
bud move gal
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move iri
gal move war
ion support tun
kie move den
mar move gas
mos move sev
nwy move swe
ruh support tyr move mun
rum support ukr
sev support ukr
sil move gal
smy move aeg
tri move adr
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
vie move tyr
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy swe move pru
bel support bur move ruh
bla support rum
boh support mun
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move ruh
gal move war
gas move bur
ion move tun
iri move eng
lvn support gal move war
gol support tun move wes
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move kie
rum support bud move gal
sev support ukr move mos
stp move nwy
swe move pru
tun move wes
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
remove boh
build Army bud
build Army mar
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
ank move rum
bel support ruh move hol
bla convoy ank move rum
bud move tri
bur support bel
con move bul
den move swe
eng move nth
gal support ukr move war
kie move ber
lvn move mos
gol support wes move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
sev support mos
stp support lvn move mos
tri move tyr
tun move tys
ukr move war
vie move boh
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: fleet/dislodged hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move hol
boh move gal
bur move ruh
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move bud
hol move kie
lvn move war
gol support tys move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support nwy move stp/sc
mun support ber
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move swe
pru support lvn move war
rum support ukr
sev support mos
sil support lvn move war
spa/sc support mar
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri move ser
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
war support mos
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Army par
remove pru
remove sil
build Army tri
remove war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move pru
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud support gal move rum
edi move nrg
eng move bel
gal move rum
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
kie move den
lvp move edi
gol support tys move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move bar
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mar
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr move war
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
bar move stp/nc
bel move nth
bla support rum
bud support alb move ser
bul support gre
eng support bel move nth
fin move stp
gal support bud
gre support bul
hol support kie
ion support ser move gre
kie support den
gol move mar
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
pie support gol move mar
pru move sil
rum support ukr move gal
ser move gre
spa/sc support mar
stp move lvn
swe move fin
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
remove lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bar move stp/nc
bla convoy con move sev
bre move gas
bud support ser
bul support gre
con move sev
den move swe
eng move lon
fin move stp
gal move bud
gre support bul
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
lon hold
gol move mar
mid support wes move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
nth support eng move lon
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par support bre move gas
pie support gol move mar
rum support gal move bud
ser support alb move gre
sil move war
spa/sc support mar
swe hold
vie support bud
war support gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gre move aeg
lon disband
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move nrg
ber move mun
bla support bul
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move bel
den move swe
edi move lvp
fin move stp
gal move bud
gas support par move bur
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
kie move ruh
lon hold
gol move tys
mid move por
mar hold
mos move stp
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie support mar
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc hold
swe move ska
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
bel move pic
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
bur support ruh move bel
con move smy
fin move stp
gal move bud
gas move par
gre support tri move ser
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move gol
mos move stp
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
ser support gal move bud
sev move rum
ska move den
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tys move tun
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Austria: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Austria: fleet/dislodged eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eas move ion
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Austria: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bla move con
bud support tri move ser
bul support smy move gre
bur support par
den hold
eas move ion
eng move bre
fin move stp
gal move bud
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion support gre
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support bur
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par support eng move bre
pic move bre
rum support ser
ser support smy move gre
sil move boh
smy move gre
spa/sc support wes
swe move nwy
tri move ser
vie support bud
war support gal
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Austria: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tri move ser
bel support bur
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur support par move gas
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
fin move stp
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser
ion move gre
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos hold
mun support boh move tyr
nwy move swe
par move gas
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
spa/sc support wes
tri move ser
tun move tys
vie support bud
war support gal
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser
bel move wal
bud support ser
bul support gre
bur support gas move mar
eas move ion
edi move lvp
eng convoy bel move wal
gal support rum
gas move mar
gre support bul
ion move adr
kie support swe move den
gol support mar
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nrg move nat
rum support gal
ser support alb
spa/sc support wes
stp move nwy
swe move den
tyr move pie
tys move rom
vie support bud
war support gal
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move nth
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove nth
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support gre move alb
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
bur support mar
con move bul
den move swe
eng move iri
gal move bud
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
kie move bal
gol move mar
mar support bur
nap move apu
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser support alb move gre
spa/sc hold
tri move adr
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support adr move tri
apu move adr
bal move swe
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
den support bal move swe
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move rum
ion move tun
iri support pic move wal
gol move mar
mar hold
nwy hold
pic move wal
rom hold
ser support adr move tri
spa/sc support wes
tri support apu move adr
tyr support ven
ukr support rum
ven support tyr
wal move yor
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army con
remove gol
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support tri
ank move arm
bre move pic
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre move ion
iri support wal move lvp
lvp move lon
mun move boh
nat move mid
nwy hold
par move bur
rom move nap
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move tys
tyr support mun move boh
ukr move gal
ven support tyr
wal move lvp
war support ukr move gal
wes move gol
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move edi
nwy disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
aeg move ion
alb support tri
arm move sev
boh support gal move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
edi move cly
gal move vie
ion move nap
iri support lvp
kie move ber
lvp support yor move edi
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar move pie
nap hold
nth support yor move edi
nwy hold
pic move bur
rum move gal
ser support tri
spa/sc move por
tyr move tri
tys support ion move nap
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
nap move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
