PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
gal hold
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh support yor move bel
rum support gal
sev move bla
spa move por
tri move adr
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
bel support ruh move bur
bul support gre move ser
bur move mar
con move bla
den move ska
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol hold
kie move den
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mun support ruh move bur
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par hold
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum move ser
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support bla
bel move pic
bla hold
bud hold
bul support ser
bur hold
con hold
den support ska move swe
gal support rum
hol hold
iri move mid
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support bur
nth move eng
nrg support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
par hold
rum hold
ser hold
sev support rum
ska move swe
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move vie
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal hold
bar hold
bla hold
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move vie
hol move kie
kie move ber
mid move por
mun move bur
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
pic support bur move par
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support rum
smy move aeg
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: fleet/dislodged bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bud support ser move tri
bur hold
den support kie
gal move sil
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
nwy support bar move stp
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por support mid move spa
stp/nc move nwy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove gol
build Army mos
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support den move kie
bre move gas
bud move tri
bur move mun
den move kie
edi hold
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move lvn
nwy move nth
par move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move war
sev move arm
sil support kie move ber
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal move ber
ber move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy wal move naf
gas move mar
kie support bal move ber
lvn support war move pru
mid convoy wal move naf
mar move bur
mun support bal move ber
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
tri hold
wal move naf via convoy
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army lon
build Fleet sev
remove vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support sev move bla
ber move bal
eng convoy lon move naf
kie move ber
lon move naf via convoy
lvn hold
mid convoy lon move naf
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
naf move tun
nth hold
nwy move stp
pru support war move sil
sev move bla
sil move boh
stp/nc move bar
tri move tyr
tys support naf move tun
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: army tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bal move pru
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bul hold
con move ank
eng move mid
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mun support ber
naf move tun
nth hold
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
stp move mos
tun move nap via convoy
tyr move mun
tys convoy tun move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: army tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
mun move bur
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move pru
boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move ion
kie support pru move ber
lvn support ber move pru
mid move eng
mun move tyr
nap support tun move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri support mun move tyr
tun move rom via convoy
tyr support bur move mun
tys convoy tun move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
ank move con
bar hold
ber hold
bla support rum
bul move gre
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move ion
kie move den
lon move bre via convoy
lvn support war move mos
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh hold
ser hold
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys support tun move ion
vie hold
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ion
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove rum
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
ank move smy
bar support stp
ber move pru
bla hold
bre move gas
bul hold
con hold
den move kie
eng move mid
fin move stp
gre move ion
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move apu
nwy move swe
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh support mun
ser move alb
sil move ber
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
apu support rom move ven
bar support nwy move stp
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bul move rum
con move aeg
den hold
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gas move mar
gre move alb
kie move ber
lvn support stp
mid move wes
mun hold
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru support kie move ber
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
smy move con
stp hold
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move mun
tys move ion
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
stp move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb support gre move ion
apu support ven
bar support fin move stp
ber support bur move mun
bla hold
boh move vie
bot support stp move lvn
bur move mun
con hold
den hold
fin move stp
gre move ion
ion move adr
kie support bur move mun
lon move eng
lvn hold
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
pru support stp move lvn
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
ser support tri
sil move pru
smy move eas
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move vie
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ion move adr
apu support tys move nap
bar support fin move stp
ber move sil
bla hold
boh move vie
bot support stp move lvn
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move boh
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn hold
mos support lvn
mun hold
pie move tyr
pru support stp move lvn
ruh support mun
ser support tri
sil move pru
stp move lvn
tri support boh move vie
tun support wes move tys
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ven support adr move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move ven
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu support pie move ven
bar support fin move stp
ber move sil
bla hold
boh move tyr
bot support stp move lvn
bul move gre
den move kie
fin move stp
gal support boh move vie
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn hold
mid move wes
mos support lvn
mun support ber move sil
nap support tys move ion
pie move ven
ruh support mun
ser support tri
sil move pru
stp move lvn
tri support boh move vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven move tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move war
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu move rom
bar support fin move stp
ber move pru
bla hold
boh move vie
bot support stp move lvn
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal support boh
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move ber
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun move boh
nap move apu
pie support ven
pru move bal
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sil support mun move boh
stp move lvn
tri support adr move ven
tun support wes move tys
tyr support mun move boh
tys move nap
ven support tyr
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu support tys move ion
bar move nwy
ber move pru
bla hold
boh move vie
bot support lvn
gal move boh
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom support ven
ser support tri
sil support pru move war
stp support lvn move mos
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
England: army/dislodged ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
mos move sev
ven move tus
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
apu support ion move adr
ber hold
boh hold
bot support stp move lvn
eas support aeg move ion
gal move rum
gre move ser
ion move adr
lvn move mos
mos support war
mun support boh
nap support ion
nwy move nrg
pie support rom move ven
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ser move tri
sev support lvn move mos
sil support war
stp move lvn
tun support ion
tus support rom move ven
tyr move tri
ukr support lvn move mos
ven hold
vie support gal move boh
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ion move adr
apu support tys move ion
bal move swe
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
con move bul
eas support ion
gre hold
ion move adr
kie move mun
lvn support stp move mos
mos hold
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
pie support tyr
pru support war
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil move gal
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support ser move tri
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ion move adr
boh support gal
bot move stp/sc
bud support ukr move gal
gal move ukr
lvn support stp move mos
mos hold
mun hold
nap move tys
nrg move nat
pie move ven
pru support lvn
sev support mos
sil support war
stp move mos
swe hold
tus move rom
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bud
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove sev
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
apu move adr
ber hold
boh move gal
bul move ser
eas support aeg move ion
gal move war
gre support alb
ion convoy rom move alb
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nat move mid
pru hold
rom move alb
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil support boh move gal
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri support rom move alb
tun support ion
tys convoy rom move alb
ukr support gal move war
vie support boh move gal
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg move ion
alb move adr
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot move lvn
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
eas support aeg move ion
gal support vie move bud
gre support alb
ion move alb
iri move mid
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
pru hold
rom move apu
ser support bud
sil move boh
swe hold
tri support ion move alb
tun move ion
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
alb move ion
ber move sil
boh move vie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support vie move bud
kie move hol
mid move wes
mos move sev
nap support alb move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
pru hold
sev move ukr
sil move boh
tri support vie move bud
tun support alb move ion
tyr support tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven move alb via convoy
vie move bud
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
alb move ser
apu move alb via convoy
boh hold
bud support alb move ser
gal move rum
hol hold
ion move aeg
mun hold
nap support tys move ion
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pru hold
sev move arm
sil hold
swe hold
tri support alb move ser
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move sev
vie support bud
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
England: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
alb support ion move gre
arm move ank
ber move kie
boh hold
bud support gal move rum
gal move rum
hol hold
ion move gre
mun hold
pru hold
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil hold
stp move mos via convoy
swe hold
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support bud
war hold
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: army alb
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: army alb
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support arm move smy
ank support bul move con
arm move smy
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul move con
edi move nth
eng move mid
ion move aeg
kie hold
mos move sev
mun hold
pru hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move boh
swe hold
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: army alb
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
