PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom hold
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
gal support bul move rum
kie support ruh move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
rom move tun via convoy
ruh move hol
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move sev
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move gas
por move spa
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev hold
spa/sc move wes
tun hold
tys support nap move ion
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support pic
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul support tri move ser
con move bul
den support kie
eng support nth
gal move bud
gas move par
gre support bul
hel move den
hol support bel
ion support tys
kie support den
gol move tys
nth support hel move den
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pru move war
rum move ukr
ser support con move bul
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
spa move mar
tri move ser
tun hold
tys hold
ukr support war
ven move pie
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove bot
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel hold
ber move bal
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul support rum
con move bul
den support ber move bal
eng move iri
gre support bul
hel move den
hol support bel
ion hold
kie support den
gol move wes
mid move nat
mar hold
nth support hel move den
nwy move swe
par hold
pie hold
rum support bul
ser move gre
sil support war
tri move ser
tun move rom via convoy
tys convoy tun move rom
vie move gal
war support sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move swe
bel support hol
bla support con move bul
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
con move bul
den move swe
gal move ukr
gre support bul
hel move den
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid convoy rom move lvp
mar support pie
mos move war
nat convoy rom move lvp
nth support hel move den
par move bre
pie hold
rom move lvp
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move bla
sil move war
smy move arm
tri move ser
tys convoy rom move lvp
ukr move rum
war move lvn
wes convoy rom move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
swe move nwy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
bel support hol
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bul
den move swe
gal support rum move ukr
gre move aeg
hol support bel
iri move lvp
kie support bal move den
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
mid move eng
mar support pie
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move ska
nwy move stp
pie hold
rum move ukr
ser support bul
sil move war
swe support bal move den
tri move alb
tun hold
tys support nap move ion
ukr move war
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move gre
bel support hol
bla support con move bul
bul move con
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
eng convoy pic move lon
gal support sil move war
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar support pie
nth move den
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pic move lon via convoy
pie move tus
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil move war
ska move swe
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove fin
remove lvp
build Army mun
build Army par
remove ska
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move smy
arm move smy
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
bul move smy via convoy
con support arm move smy
den support kie
eas support bul move smy
edi hold
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move rum
gre hold
ion move tun
kie support hol
lon move bel via convoy
mar move pie
mun hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move arm
stp support war move mos
tri move alb
tus move ven
tys move tun
war move mos
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
nwy move swe
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move adr
arm move smy
bel support ruh
bla move bul/ec
bul move con
bur support ruh
con support bla move bul
den move nth
eas support ion
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move ruh
mos support sil move war
mun support kie move ruh
nth move lon
nwy hold
pie move tyr
ruh support bel
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move war
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun hold
ven support pie move tyr
wes hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move rum
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
remove nth
build Army rom
remove ukr
remove vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
ank move arm
arm move syr
bel move hol
ber move bal
bul/ec move bla
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den support nwy move nth
eas support ion
eng move nth
gre support aeg move bul
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move ruh
lvp move edi
mun support kie move ruh
nrg support eng move nth
nwy move nth
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum support aeg move bul
sev move arm
smy support ank move arm
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tun support ion
tyr support ruh move mun
ven support tyr
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move kie
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move mun
bla support arm move sev
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bur support mun
con support smy
den move nth
eas move ion
edi hold
eng move nth
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion move adr
gol move wes
mun support tyr
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support den move nth
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sev support syr move arm
sil support ruh move mun
smy support con
syr move arm
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr support mun
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
sev move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
arm move ank
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
boh move gal
bul/sc move con
bur support tyr move mun
con move ank
den move nth
eas support ion move aeg
edi hold
eng move pic
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ber move kie
nrg move nth
nwy support den move nth
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support ukr move sev
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy move con
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
rum move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bel move lon via convoy
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul/sc support gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
eas move aeg
edi hold
gal support tyr move vie
gre support bul/sc
hol move bel
ion support aeg move gre
lvn move war
mos support sev
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy bel move lon
nrg move bar
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move ser
sev support bud move rum
sil support mun
smy move ank
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre
bar move nwy
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move eng
bur support ruh
edi hold
gal move sil
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move hol
lon move yor
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move apu
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
ruh support bel move hol
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil support war move gal
tri move ser
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre move bul
apu move ven
bar move nwy
bel support eng move nth
ber move sil
bud support vie
bur support ruh move mun
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gal support tri move vie
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie support mun move ruh
mun move ruh
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
ruh move mun
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move boh
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support ruh move mun
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
tri move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army nap
build Army par
remove sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move con
bar move nrg
bel move nth
ber support sil move mun
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc support nap move con
bur support mun move ruh
con move bul
edi support nth
eng move wal
gal support rum move bud
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move con
kie support sil move mun
lvp move edi
mun move ruh
nap move con via convoy
nth support hol move bel
par hold
rum move bud
ser support con move bul
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy move con
stp move nwy
tri support vie
tyr support tri
ven move adr
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bul/sc move gre
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg convoy nap move con
bel move eng
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support gal move vie
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser move gre
bur support pic move bel
edi support nth
eng support wal move lon
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy nap move con
kie move den
lvp hold
mun support boh
nap move con via convoy
nth support edi
nrg move nth
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser move gre
smy move con
tri move ser
tyr move tri
vie move boh
wal move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
remove pic
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
alb move gre
bel move nth
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move gal
bud support tyr move vie
bul support gre move ser
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng support wal move lon
gre move ser
hol support bur move ruh
ion support alb move gre
kie move hel
lvp support nrg move edi
mun support den move kie
nap move apu
nth move eng
nrg move edi
rum support vie move bud
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move ank
tri hold
tyr move vie
vie move bud
wal move lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank support con
apu move ven
bel move nth
ber move sil
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
cly move nat
con move bul/ec
edi hold
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre support aeg
hel support nth move hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion support aeg
kie support nth move hol
lvp support edi
mun move bur
nth move hol
ruh move kie
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev support rum
smy move aeg
tri support bul move ser
vie move bud
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army/dislodged hol
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army/dislodged lon
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
lon move yor
ser disband
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move con
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
boh move gal
bud support rum move ser
bul/ec hold
bur support kie move ruh
con move bul/sc
edi move yor
gre support aeg
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon support edi move yor
lvp hold
mar move bur
mun support kie move ruh
nat move mid
nth move ska
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum move ser
ser support tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wal hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
ser move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb support tri move ser
ank move con
bel support hol
boh move tyr
bud move tri
bur move bel
con move smy
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
hel support kie move hol
hol support bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp hold
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support boh move tyr
nth move den
nwy move swe
ruh support bur move bel
rum hold
ser move alb
ska move swe
smy move eas
tri move ser
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
vie support bud move tri
wal move eng
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bul/ec move bla
ser move gre
tyr move ven
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove eas
build Fleet kie
remove lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support bul/sc move gre
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bul/sc move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
eng support pic move bel
gre move ser
hel support kie move den
hol move nth
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mun support ruh move bur
nth support pic move bel
nwy support den move swe
pic move bel
pie support ven
ruh move bur
rum support gre move ser
ser support bul/sc move gre
ska move den
smy move aeg
tri support gre move ser
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support gre
bel move pic
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move mar
den support swe move ska
eng support nth
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
mos move war
mun move bur
nth support pic move bel
nrg support ska move nwy
par move bre
pic move bel
pie support ven
pru move war
rum move bud
ser move rum
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
swe move ska
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bud
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support gre
ank move arm
bel move yor via convoy
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur support hol move bel
con move bla
den support nth
eng move bre
gre hold
hol move bel
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun support bur
nap move ion
nth convoy bel move yor
nrg move edi
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic move bel
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
ser move alb
ska move nwy
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
swe support ska move nwy
tri support ser move alb
tyr move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
France: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bur support hol move bel
con move smy
den move nth
eng support pic move bel
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvn move stp
mid support par move bre
mar move gas
mun support bur
nth move lon
nwy support lvn move stp
par move bre
pic move bel
pie support ven
rum move bud
sev move mos
swe move fin
tri move ser
tyr support alb move tri
ukr move war
ven hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove bre
build Army con
build Army kie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move stp/nc
bel support lon move eng
ber move sil
bla move sev
bud support sev move rum
bur move par
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move bel
fin move stp
gas move mar
gre hold
ion move adr
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mid move spa/sc
mos support bar move stp
mun move tyr
nth support lvp move edi
nwy support fin move stp
pic support eng move bel
pie move mar
ser move bud
sev move rum
smy move eas
stp move mos
tri support ser move bud
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ven hold
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
France: army/dislodged mos
France: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bud move gal
edi move cly
mos move lvn
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
France: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bel support pic
bud support tri move ser
bul move ser
cly move edi
eas hold
edi move lvp
eng move bre
gal move war
gas move bre
gre move ion
hol move bel
lvn support gal move war
gol move spa/sc
mos support sil move war
nth move edi
nwy support stp
par move pic
pic support bel
pie support ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bul move ser
sev move bla
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ven hold
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
France: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gas
build Army kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla move sev
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
cly move edi
eng support bel move pic
gal move vie
gre hold
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
lvp support nth move edi
mid move bre
mos support sil move war
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
par support ruh move bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum support bul move ser
sev move ukr
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
tri support mun move tyr
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
tri move vie
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ber move mun
boh move gal
bud move tri
bur move gas
cly move lvp
edi move cly
eng support pic move bre
gal move bud
gre hold
lvn support ukr move war
lvp hold
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support war
nat support cly move lvp
nrg move nat
par support bur move gas
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tyr support bud move tri
ukr move war
vie support bud move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
