PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mun move sil
par move pic
sev move bla
smy move con
tri move adr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move bul
hol support pic move bel
kie move den
lon move nth
nap move ion
nth move nwy
pic move bel
rom move ven
ser move rum
spa move por
tri move ser
ven move tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move sev via convoy
bel hold
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move eng
bul support gre
den move swe
gre support bul
hol move nth
lon move eng
mid support bre move eng
mar hold
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move ska
por move spa
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support ber move pru
smy move aeg
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie move bud
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
ank move arm
bel move wal via convoy
bla move rum
bul move ser
den support ska move swe
eng convoy bel move wal
gre support bul move ser
lon move nth
mid support eng
mar hold
mun move kie
nth move nwy
pru move war
sil support pru move war
ska move swe
spa hold
swe move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber move bal
bla support arm move sev
bre support eng
con move bul
den move kie
edi move yor
eng support wal move lon
gre support ser
hol move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mar support spa
nth support lon move eng
ser support con move bul
sil move war
spa support mar
swe move bal
wal move lon
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bul move rum
den hold
eng support lon
gre support ser
hol move nth
iri support eng
kie move den
lon hold
lvn support war move mos
mar hold
nth support yor move lon
ser support gre
sev support mos
spa hold
swe move bal
wal move lon
war move mos
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
bre move lvp via convoy
con move rum
den move kie
eng support lon
gre move alb
hol move hel
iri convoy bre move lvp
kie move hol
lon hold
lvn move pru
mid convoy bre move lvp
mar hold
nth convoy yor move bel
rum move gal
ser support aeg move alb
sev support mos
smy move eas
spa hold
swe move bal
wal move lvp
war move sil
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal move kie
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move wal via convoy
den support bal move kie
eas move ion
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move vie
gre support ser
hel move den
hol support ber move kie
iri convoy spa move wal
lon support bre move wal
mid convoy spa move lvp
mar move bur
nth support bel
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil support pru move ber
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet smy
remove spa
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
bud support ser move tri
bur move bel
con move sev via convoy
den hold
edi support lvp
eng move nth
gre move alb
hel support kie move den
hol support ber move kie
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon hold
lvp hold
mid move nat
nth move hel
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move ber
smy move aeg
vie move tyr
wal support iri move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal support den
bel support hol
ber support kie
bud move vie
den hold
edi support lvp
eng move lon
hel move den
hol support bel
ion move nap
iri move lvp
kie support hel move den
lon hold
lvp hold
nat support iri move lvp
nth move hol
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil move mun
tri move ven
tun support aeg move ion
tyr support ruh move mun
ukr move war
wal support iri move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove cly
build Army con
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet smy
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel hold
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move sev
con move bul
eng move mid
hol support kie
ion move tys
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mar move gol
nat move nrg
nap move rom
par move bur
smy move aeg
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr support ven move pie
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move kie
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move con
bul move gre
bur support gol move mar
cly move edi
den move kie
edi move lon via convoy
gal move sil
hol support ber move kie
kie move hel
lvp support cly move edi
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun support den move kie
nth convoy edi move lon
nrg support cly move edi
pie move mar
sev move mos
tyr support vie move boh
tys support wes move gol
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal move ber
bel move ruh
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support mar
con move aeg
edi support nrg move nth
ion move tun
kie support bal move ber
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move yor
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support bal move ber
nth move nwy
nrg move nth
pie move mar
rom move tus
sil support war move pru
smy move eas
spa/sc support mar
tyr support boh move mun
tys support gol move wes
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber hold
bur support mar
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gre hold
kie support ber
lon hold
lvn hold
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mun support pru move ber
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support bur
sil support pru move ber
smy hold
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys support wes
wes hold
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
