PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bot convoy stp move swe
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
hol support yor move bel
kie move den
lvn hold
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ser move gre
sev hold
stp move swe via convoy
tys move tun
ven move pie
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nwy via convoy
bot support swe
bud move rum
bur move gas
den move kie
edi hold
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvn move war
mid move wes
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth convoy bel move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom move tys
sev move rum
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move ser
tun move wes
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bel hold
bla move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move yor
gas support mar move spa
gre move bul
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move gas
mar move spa
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move ska
nwy support stp/nc
pic support lon move bel
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp/nc hold
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel move pic
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move par
gas support bur move par
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move swe
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
ska support nwy move swe
smy move con
stp/nc support nwy
tri move ven
ukr move rum
vie move tyr
wes support mar move spa
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con disband
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
bel move eng
ber move sil
bur move mun
con move smy
den support swe
fin move stp
gas move bre
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth hold
par support gas move bre
rum hold
ser move bul
ska move nwy
spa hold
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul move con
den move swe
edi hold
eng move mid
lon move eng
gol move wes
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie move ven
rum move sev
sev hold
sil move gal
smy move ank
spa move por
swe move fin
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ank move smy
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bud move gal
bur move mun
con move ank
eng convoy pic move tus
fin move stp
mid convoy pic move nap
mos move stp
mun move tyr
pic move nap via convoy
pie support mun move tyr
por hold
rum move sev
sev support bla
sil move gal
ska move den
smy support con move ank
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys convoy pic move nap
ven move rom
vie move boh
wes convoy pic move nap
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
tyr move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support smy move con
bar support fin move stp
bla move ank
boh move gal
bud move gal
den move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy pic move tus
fin move stp
mid convoy pic move tus
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move tus via convoy
pie move ven
por move spa
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil support boh
smy move con
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support pie move ven
tys convoy pic move tus
vie support tri move tyr
war hold
wes convoy pic move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar support stp
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bud move gal
eng hold
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nwy move swe
rom move nap
sil move war
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support adr move ven
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tyr support ven
tys move rom
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move arm
bal convoy swe move lvn
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul/ec move rum
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move boh
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos move stp
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support tys move nap
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
stp support lvn move mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army/dislodged nap
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
ven move adr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
bal convoy swe move lvn
boh move vie
bud move rum
gal support vie move boh
ion support nap move apu
mid move wes
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
nap move apu
pie move ven
rom hold
sev move bla
sil move gal
stp move mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
ukr support arm move sev
ven move tri
vie move boh
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move ion
apu support pie move ven
bar convoy edi move stp
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
edi move stp via convoy
gal support rum move ukr
ion move gre
mos support ukr move sev
mun support tyr
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil support war move gal
tus support pie move ven
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
tri move alb
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
alb move gre
apu support ven
arm move sev
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud move tri
gal support boh move vie
gre move bul/sc
lvn support mos
mos support sev
mun support tyr
nap hold
rom support tri move ven
rum support arm move sev
sev support mos
sil move boh
stp support mos
tri move ven
tus support tys move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move rom
ukr support arm move sev
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Army kie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu support nap move ion
ber move pru
bud move vie
bul/sc support gre
gal move ukr
gre support bul/sc
ion support alb move gre
kie move ruh
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
nap move ion
rom move tys
rum move bul
sil support gal
stp support mos
tri support bud move vie
tus support ven
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
tri move ser
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
apu support tys move ion
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul/sc support gre
gal support vie move bud
gre support bul/sc
ion move eas
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
pru move sil
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move mos
sil move boh
stp support mos
tri support vie move bud
tun move tys
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr move war
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu support ven move adr
bar convoy edi move stp
boh move gal
bud support gal move rum
bul move con
con hold
eas convoy tus move smy
edi move stp via convoy
gal move rum
gre move aeg
ion convoy tus move smy
lvp move edi
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
nap support ion
nrg convoy edi move stp
ruh hold
ser support alb move tri
sev move mos
sil move boh
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tus move smy via convoy
tyr support tri
tys convoy tus move smy
ukr support sev move mos
ven move adr
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
apu move adr
bud support rum
bul move rum
eas move smy
edi hold
gal support rum
ion move gre
lvn move war
mos support war move ukr
nap move ion
rum hold
ser support tri
smy move ank
stp support mos
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move arm
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move sil
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
edi move stp via convoy
ion support alb move gre
mos support ukr move sev
nrg convoy edi move stp
rum support con move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
stp move lvn
tri move ser
ukr move sev
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
arm move sev
bul/sc move con
gal support sil move war
gre move bul/sc
kie move den
nap move rom
rum support arm move sev
sil move war
smy hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
den move swe
gal support war
ion move tun
mun move ruh
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev move mos
tyr move mun
vie move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
sil support war
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
