PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre hold
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move ion
par hold
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul move gre
con support bul
den hold
gal support boh move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
rum hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tri
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move mun
con move bul
den support kie move hel
gal move bud
gre support con move bul
hol move ruh
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move bel
rom move ven
rum move bul/ec
sev move rum
smy move syr
tri move ser
tun move wes
tyr move tri
ven move pie
vie support gal move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bud hold
bul hold
bur move gas
den move ska
eng support pic move bre
gre support bul
hel move nth
iri move mid
mos move stp
mun move bur
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie hold
ruh support mun move bur
ser hold
sev support rum
syr hold
tri support ser
ven support tri
vie hold
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud hold
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bul
eng move lon
gal support rum
gas support bur move mar
gre support bul
mid move por
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth hold
pie support mar
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser hold
sev move arm
ska hold
spa/sc move por
tri support ser
ven support tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bud support rum
bur move mar
edi move yor
gal move vie
gas support bur move mar
ion support ser move gre
lon move nth
mid move por
nth hold
pie support mar
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support rum
ska move swe
spa/sc move por
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
syr move smy
tri move ser
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
gre disband
nwy move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
remove smy
build Army ven
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move hol
bre move gas
bud support vie move tri
bur support mar
gas move spa
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move yor
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nth hold
nwy move nrg
pie hold
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
ska move den
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri hold
tyr support vie move tri
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
arm move ank
bla support con
bud support tri
bul support aeg move con
bur support gas move par
con hold
gal move vie
gas move par
kie hold
mar move pie
nth move lon
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pie move tyr
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
smy support con
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
ven support alb move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
alb move tri
ank move con
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
bur move pic
den move nth
edi move lvp
kie move den
lon support den move nth
mar support tyr move pie
mun move tyr
nrg move edi
par support bur move pic
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
rum move bul/ec
ser support alb move tri
sev move bla
smy support ank move con
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bla support rum move bul
bud move ser
bul support ser
con support rum move bul
den move hol via convoy
edi hold
gal move bud
lvp hold
gol support spa/sc move mar
mar move spa
nth hold
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie support tyr move ven
rum move bul/ec
ser support alb move tri
smy support con
spa/sc move mar
tri support bud move ser
tus move pie
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven support tus move pie
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
mar move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb support ser
bla move con
bud support rum move ser
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
den move hol via convoy
edi support lvp move yor
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support ser
ion move adr
lon move yor
lvp move yor
gol move spa/sc
mar support tus move pie
mos move ukr
nth convoy den move hol
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom support ven
rum move ser
ser hold
sev move arm
tri support rum move ser
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven support tus move pie
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support adr move tri
arm move bla
bel hold
bla move con
bre hold
bud support rum move ser
bul move gre
con move aeg
gal move boh
gas move spa
gre hold
hol hold
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
pie move tyr
rom move tus
rum move ser
ser support adr move tri
tri move alb
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven support adr move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud support vie move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng move mid
gas move spa
gre move ser
hol move ruh
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
nth move eng
pie support ven move tyr
rom move tus
ser move alb
sev move bla
tri hold
tus move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move adr
tyr move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg move ion
alb move apu via convoy
bel move bur
bre move gas
bud support tri
bul move con
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng hold
gal support mun move boh
gas move spa
gre support aeg move ion
hol hold
kie hold
gol convoy tus move spa
mid support gas move spa
mar support tus move spa
mun move boh
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move alb
tus move spa via convoy
tyr move boh
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army mos
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
