PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie support ven
ser move tri
sev move arm
spa hold
stp move fin
tri move vie
tyr support ven
ukr move rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
arm support sev move bla
den move swe
fin move nwy
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move bal
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move ven
por move mid
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move bla
smy move eas
spa move mar
swe support fin move nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr hold
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal support den
bla support arm move ank
bud move ser
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con move smy
fin move nwy
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move gre
gol support mar move pie
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bel
rom move nap
rum support vie move gal
sil move mun
ska move swe
swe support fin move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bal support den
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur move ruh
bla move sev
bur move ruh
eas move syr
gal move ukr
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
gol support pie
mar move bur
mun hold
nap move apu
nth support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pie hold
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser move bul
ska move swe
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
tri move vie
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bla move rum
bot move swe
bur move mun
den move kie
fin support bot move swe
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
gol support pie
mun support den move kie
nap move ion
nth support swe move den
nwy support bar move stp
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
ser move bud
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
stp move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove eas
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove syr
remove tyr
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
bel support nth move hol
ber support kie
bud support gal move vie
bul/sc move con
con support rum move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move yor
fin move stp
gal move vie
hol move bel
lon move nth
lvn support fin move stp
gol move tus
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
sev move arm
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
tun hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move bla
hol move hel
stp/nc move bar
swe move bot
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move smy
bar support yor move nwy
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh move gal
bot move swe
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den hold
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
kie move hol
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mun move boh
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move ven
stp support lvn move mos
swe support den
tun move ion
tus support gol move tys
tyr support pie move ven
war support boh move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
remove syr
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bla move ank
boh move vie
bot support stp
bud move rum
bul/ec move bla
den move kie
edi move nth
gal move bud
hel move den
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support hel move den
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support den move kie
nth move hel
nwy support bar move stp
sev move bla
smy move arm
swe support den
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tus move rom
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber move kie
bot support stp
bud move gal
bul/ec move bla
con support arm move ank
den support ber move kie
gal move sil
hel support kie
hol support ber move kie
ion move aeg
kie support nth move den
mun hold
nth move den
nwy support bar move stp
pie move ven
rom hold
rum move bud
swe support nth move den
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support bud
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
tri move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove hol
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ank move bul via convoy
bal move lvn
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move bul
bot support stp
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move smy
den support kie
edi move nth
gal support bud move vie
hel move hol
ion support aeg
kie hold
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy support swe
par move bur
rom hold
ser move bul
sil move mun
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ven move apu
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
apu move nap
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur
bla move con
bot support stp
bur support bel
den move swe
gal support vie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support stp
mid move spa/sc
mun support kie move ber
nwy support bar move stp
pie move tyr
pru support sil move ber
rom support apu move nap
ser move bul
sil support war move pru
smy move eas
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move nap
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: fleet/dislodged pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel hold
bot support mos move stp
bul move rum
bur support bel
con move aeg
eas support tys move ion
fin support nwy move stp
gal move sil
gre hold
hol move kie
lon move nth
lvp move nat
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support pie move tyr
nap hold
nth move hol
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom hold
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move bar
tri support tyr move vie
tun hold
tyr move vie
tys move wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
ber hold
bot support mos move stp
bud move vie
bul move con
bur support bel
eas move smy
edi move hol via convoy
fin support nwy move stp
gal move rum
gre move ser
hol move hel
kie support ber
gol hold
mos move stp
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap hold
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move stp
pru support sil move ber
rom move tys
sev move bla
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/sc hold
tri move bud
tun hold
tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
France: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
smy move syr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bre
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove wes
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support fin move stp
ber hold
bre move gas
bud move ser
bur support bel
fin move stp
kie support ber
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move nth
par move pic
pru move lvn
rum hold
ser move gre
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
swe move bal
syr move eas
tri move vie
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
bel hold
ber hold
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move mun
eas move smy
fin move stp
gas move mar
hel support hol
ion move gre
kie support ber
mos support pru move lvn
mun move tyr
pic support bel
pru move lvn
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
sil support pru
smy move eas
stp move lvn
tri move alb
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
alb support ion move gre
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
bel hold
ber hold
bre hold
bud support tyr move vie
bul move con
den move swe
eas move smy
fin move stp
gal move rum
ion move gre
kie support ber
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
pic support bel
pru move lvn
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support pru
smy move eas
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tyr move vie
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eas move syr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas
alb move ser
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber hold
bre hold
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur support mun
con support syr move smy
eas support aeg
gal move vie
gre support ion move aeg
hel move nth
ion hold
kie support ber
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mid support bre
mun hold
nth move lon
pic support bel
pru support sil
rum support bul
sil support pru
stp support lvn move mos
swe move den
syr move smy
tys move ion
vie support bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move war
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
