PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move pru
bot move swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
gal support sev move rum
hel move den
ion convoy nap move tun
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move sev
nth move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
ven move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support mar move bur
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
gal support sev move rum
gre hold
hel move den
hol hold
ion convoy nap move tun
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tun
nth move nwy
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move spa/sc
pru hold
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
spa move mar
swe move bal
tri move adr
tyr move ven
vie support bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
bal move ber
bel support bur move ruh
bla move sev
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move ruh
den hold
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move eas
lon move den
mid hold
mar support pic move bur
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pru move lvn
rum support bla move sev
ser move tri
sev move mos
ska support lon move den
spa/sc move gol
ukr support gal move rum
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
bel support lon move hol
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal move sil
hol support mun move kie
ion move nap
lon move hol
lvn move stp
gol convoy mar move tus
mid hold
mar move tus
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move hol
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
ska move swe
smy move aeg
swe move bal
tri move bud
tyr move ven
ukr support war move mos
vie support tri move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
ukr disband
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move smy
bal support den move kie
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move con
bud hold
con move bul
den move kie
eas move smy
hol support den move kie
ion move nap
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh support bel
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support mun
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move ser
tus support tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr support sev move mos
ven support adr move tri
vie support adr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
remove stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move con
bal support kie move ber
bar support fin move stp/sc
bel support ruh
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
con move smy
eas move smy
edi hold
fin move stp/sc
gal support ukr move war
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mar move gas
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
ruh support bel
ser move gre
sil move war
tri move adr
tus move rom
tys support wes move tun
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army/dislodged tun
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
bar support stp/sc
bel hold
ber hold
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nwy
eng move mid
gal move boh
gas move bre
ion move gre
kie move lvn
lvn move pru
mar hold
mos support war
mun move kie
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom hold
ruh support mun move kie
sil move boh
stp/sc support kie move lvn
tri support bud move ser
tun hold
tys move nap
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove eas
build Fleet lon
remove nap
remove pru
remove sil
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
bal move kie
bar move nrg
bel support ruh move hol
ber support bal move kie
bre move gas
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move war
gre support ion
ion move nap
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn support nwy move stp
mid hold
mar move spa
mos support war move lvn
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum move gal
ser move tri
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
tri move apu
tun move ion
tys support rom move nap
ven support tri move apu
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
apu move rom
bel support hol
ber move mun
bot support stp
bul move rum
eng support mid move bre
gal move sil
gas move mar
gre support ion
hol support mun move kie
ion move nap
kie support nth move hol
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
nap support tys move rom
nth move hol
nrg move nth
pru move sil
rum move gal
spa hold
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven support apu move rom
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber move kie
bot support stp
eng move bel
gal support vie move boh
gre support ion
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvn move stp
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil move ber
nap move rom
nth support kie move hol
nrg move bar
par move bre
pie support ven move tus
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum move ukr
sil support war move pru
spa hold
stp hold
tun move ion
tyr support vie move boh
tys support nap move rom
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bar support stp
bel move bur
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bre hold
eng move bel
gal support boh
gre support ion
hol support eng move bel
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nap support tys move rom
nth support eng move bel
par hold
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support apu move nap
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
spa move por
stp hold
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ukr move war
wal move iri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Army tri
remove tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal support ber
bar support stp
bel move eng
ber support kie move mun
boh move mun
bre move gas
gal move sil
hol hold
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move mun
lon move bel
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
nap move tun
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
pie move mar
por hold
pru support sil move ber
rom support apu move nap
sil move ber
stp hold
tri move ven
tus support rom
tys convoy nap move tun
war support pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber hold
eng move bre
gal move war
gas support mid move spa/sc
gre hold
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
nap support ion move tys
nth move eng
par move bre
por hold
pru move ber
rom support nap
sil support pru move ber
spa support mid move por
stp hold
tus support ven move pie
tys move tun
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
eng move bre
gal move war
gas support eng move bre
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support mar move bur
nap support ion move tys
nth move eng
par hold
pie move mar
por hold
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support kie move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa support por
stp hold
tri move adr
tun support mid move wes
tus move pie
tys move gol
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move tun
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber hold
bre support gas
bur support mun move ruh
eng move mid
gal move war
gas support mid move spa/sc
ion convoy tri move tun
kie support ruh
lvn move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move bel
par support spa move gas
pie support mar
por hold
pru move ber
ruh support nth move bel
sil support pru move ber
spa move gas
stp hold
tri move tun
tun hold
tus support pie
tys move wes
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move tun
bal support ber
bar support stp
bel move eng
ber support ruh move mun
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun move ruh
gal move boh
gas support spa/sc
ion convoy tri move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support wes move spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
naf support mid move wes
par hold
pie move tyr
por hold
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp hold
tri move tun
tun hold
tus hold
tys support tri move tun
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber hold
boh support mun
bur move bel
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move war
gas support wes move spa/sc
ion support tun
kie support ber
lon move bel
lvn move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid support wes move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf move wes
par move bur
por hold
pru move ber
ruh support lon move bel
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move tun
bal support ber
bar support stp
bel move bur
ber hold
boh support mun
bur support mar move gas
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move war
gas support spa/sc
ion convoy tri move tun
kie support ber
lon move pic
lvn move stp
gol support wes
mid support spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf move wes
par support bel move bur
pie move mar
por hold
pru move ber
ruh support bel move bur
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tri move tun
tun move naf
tyr support mun
war move pru
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber hold
boh support mun
bur move mun
gal move war
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
lvn move stp
gol support tun move spa
mar support tun move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf hold
par hold
pic move bur
pie support mar
por hold
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
tun move spa
tyr support mun
war move pru
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber hold
boh support tyr
bur support ruh
eng move nth
gal move war
gas support mid
ion hold
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support naf move spa
mid support gas
mar support spa move gas
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move spa
par move pic
pic move bre
pie support mar
por hold
pru move ber
ruh support bur
sil support pru move ber
spa move gas
stp hold
tri move adr
tyr support mun
tys move tun
vie move tri
war move pru
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg move ion
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber hold
boh support mun
bre move par
bur support gas
gal move war
gas support mid
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid support gas
mar support spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf move tun
pic hold
pie support mar
por hold
pru move ber
ruh support bur
sil support pru move ber
spa support mar
stp hold
tri move apu
tun move naf
tyr support mun
war move pru
wes convoy naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pic
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
apu move rom
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber hold
boh support mun
bur support par move gas
gal move war
gas move bre
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move bel
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
gol support mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf support wes move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
par move gas
pie support mar
por hold
pru move ber
ruh support bur
sil support pru move ber
spa move gas
stp hold
tun support naf
tyr support mun
tys move wes
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar support stp
bel move bur
ber hold
boh support mun
bre support nat move mid
bur move gas
gal move war
iri support nat move mid
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid support spa move por
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth move eng
par support bur move gas
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
ruh support bel move bur
sil support pru move ber
spa move por
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
war move pru
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber hold
bre move mid
bur move mar
eng support bre move mid
gas support mid move spa/sc
iri support bre move mid
kie support ber
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
par support gas
por support mid move spa/sc
ruh move mun
stp hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
