PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
gal move vie
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
rum move ser
sev support ukr move rum
tri move vie
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support par move bur
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
gal move rum
gre support rum move bul
kie move hol
lon hold
mar move pie
mun move sil
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy support bot move swe
par move bur
pie hold
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
tri move ser
tun move tys
ven move tyr
vie move tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support yor move hol
bla move sev
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move hel
gas move mar
gre support bul
kie move hol
lon move wal
mid move naf
mar move gol
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy hold
pie hold
pru move war
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre
sev move bla
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move tyr
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel move bur
bla support bul move rum
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol move kie
kie support mun move ruh
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser support tri
sev move arm
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri hold
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lon
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move ank
bel move bur
bla convoy bul move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ank
gas support mar
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol support ruh move kie
kie support hel move den
lon move nth
gol move tys
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth move den
nwy support lon move nth
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move mun
ska support nth move den
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun hold
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul disband
kie move ber
mun move ruh
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
remove hel
build Army par
remove sil
build Army tri
remove war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ank move con
arm move bla
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support mun
bre move mid
bul hold
bur move bel
den move swe
gal move sil
gas support par move bur
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
kie support hol move ruh
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos move war
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie hold
ruh support ber move kie
rum support bul
sev move arm
ska support den move swe
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc support nwy
tri move tyr
tun support aeg move ion
tys move tun
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
ank move arm
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur
ber support ruh move mun
bla support ank move arm
boh support mun
bur support gas move mar
den move nth
gas move mar
gre support adr move ion
hol support kie
kie support ruh move mun
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun support sil move ber
nwy support stp/nc move bar
pie hold
ruh move mun
rum support bul
sev move ukr
sil move ber
ska move nwy
stp/nc move bar
swe support ska move nwy
tun support gol move tys
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven support pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet/dislodged arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove ruh
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move con
bar support lon move nwy
bel move ruh
bla convoy arm move con
boh support sil move mun
bul move ser
bur support bel move ruh
edi move yor
hol move ruh
ion move apu
kie support bel move ruh
lon move nwy via convoy
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support stp/nc
mun support sil move ber
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
rom move tys
rum move gal
sil move mun
swe move bot
tun support tys move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys move ion
ukr move war
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
apu support aeg move ion
bar support yor move nwy
ber support kie move mun
bla support con move bul
boh support mun
bot support nwy move fin
bur support kie move mun
con move bul
gal move sil
gre support aeg move ion
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move mun
lvn support stp/nc
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support stp/nc
mun support tyr
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move fin
pie move ven
rom move tys
ruh support kie move mun
ser move tri
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tun move ion
tyr support mun
tys support ion move nap
ven move tri
war move pru
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
remove rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
apu move ven
bal support hol move kie
bar support nwy move stp
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
boh support tyr
bot move lvn
bre move mid
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move rum via convoy
fin support nwy move stp
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move adr
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie support mun move tyr
pru support sil move ber
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
sil move ber
stp/nc move bar
tus move rom
tyr support apu move ven
tys move ion
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg support gre
apu support ven
bal move pru
bar support stp
ber support pru
bla support rum move bul
boh move gal
bot convoy fin move lvn
bur move mun
fin move lvn via convoy
gre support ser move alb
ion move alb
kie support mun move ber
lvn support pru
gol move tys
mos support lvn
mun move ber
nap move rom
nth hold
pie move ven
pru support lvn
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser move rum
stp support fin move lvn
tyr move tri
ven move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
remove sil
build Fleet smy
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move apu
alb move tri
apu move adr
bal move pru
bar move nrg
ber support mun move kie
bla move sev
bot convoy fin move lvn
bul support rum move ser
edi hold
fin move lvn via convoy
gal move bud
gre move alb
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn support pru
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth hold
pru support lvn
rom hold
ruh move hol
rum move ser
smy move eas
stp support fin move lvn
tun move ion
tys move rom
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
alb move ion
apu support alb move ion
bal support pru move ber
ber move mun
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move ruh
eas support ion
edi move yor
eng move bel
fin move nwy
gre support ser move alb
hol support bur move ruh
ion move nap
kie support hol
lon hold
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
nth move bel
nrg move nat
pru support lvn
rom hold
ruh move kie
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
stp hold
tri move tyr
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rom move tus
stp disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army sev
remove tus
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg support gre
apu move ven
bal support swe move den
bla move rum
boh move sil
bre move mid
bul move rum
eas support aeg
eng move bel
gre support ser move alb
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move yor
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ven move tyr
nat move mid
nap support ion
nth move eng
nwy move swe
par move pic
pru move sil
rom move tys
ruh support mun
ser move alb
sev move rum
stp move fin
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre
alb move ser
apu support nap move ion
bal hold
ber support mun
bla convoy bul move sev
boh move gal
bre move mid
bul move sev
den move hel
eas support ion
eng move nth
fin move nwy
gre support alb
hol move bel
ion move alb
mun support ruh move kie
nat move iri
nap move ion
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move sil
ruh move kie
sev hold
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg support gre
alb move tri
apu support ion
bal move kie
ber support kie
bla support bul move rum
boh move mun
bul move rum
eas move ion
eng convoy pic move wal
fin move stp
gal move war
gre support ser move alb
hel support lon move hol
hol move bel
ion hold
iri move wal
kie support ber
lon move hol via convoy
mid support eng
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move hol
pic move wal
ser support gre move alb
sev hold
sil move war
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move tyr
tyr support alb move tri
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support rum move bul
apu support ion
bal support den move kie
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla move rum
boh move sil
den move kie
eas move ion
eng support mid move iri
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
iri move wal
kie support bel move hol
mid move iri
mos support sev
mun support pie move tyr
nth move lon
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev hold
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
remove ser
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move gre
apu support ion
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
eas move aeg
eng convoy pic move wal
gal support sil move war
gre move ser
hel support hol
hol support kie
ion support ven move alb
iri support pic move wal
kie support hol
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mid support eng
mos support sev move ukr
mun move kie
nwy hold
pic move wal
ruh support bel move hol
sev move ukr
sil move war
stp/sc move bot
tyr move tri
ukr support sil move war
ven move alb
vie move tri
wal move lon
war support sev move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support gre
alb move gre
apu support ion
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla support rum move sev
bot move swe
den move swe
eng move bel
gal support war
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
iri support wal move lvp
kie support bel move hol
lon hold
lvp hold
mid move eng
mos move war
nth support swe move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
pru support mos move war
ruh support bel move hol
rum move sev
ser support vie move tri
swe move nwy
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move war
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move nat
nwy move stp
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bre
build Army con
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove pru
build Army smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ion
aeg convoy smy move bul
alb move tri
apu move ion
bel support eng
ber move pru
bla convoy con move rum
bre move wal
con move rum
den hold
eng convoy bre move wal
gal support sev move ukr
gre support ser move alb
hol support kie
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie support hol
lon move wal
lvn move mos
lvp support bre move wal
mar move spa/sc
nat move mid
nth move edi
nwy move nth
par move bur
ruh move mun
ser move alb
sev move ukr
smy move bul
stp move lvn
tyr support alb move tri
ukr support war
vie move tri
war support stp move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move smy
alb move tri
bel move nth
bla move con
bul move gre
bur move mun
den hold
eas move aeg
edi hold
eng support wal move lon
gal support vie
gre move aeg
hol support kie
ion support eas move aeg
iri support spa/sc move mid
kie support hol
lon support nth
lvn move mos
lvp move edi
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
nat move iri
nth support lon
pru support war
rum move ser
spa/sc move mid
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr support mos
vie move tri
wal move lon
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
remove nat
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move bul/sc
alb support vie move tri
bel support eng move nth
boh move vie
bud support vie move tri
bul support gre
con move aeg
den move kie
edi support nth
eng move nth
gal support ukr move war
gre support con move aeg
ion hold
iri move eng
lon support lvp move yor
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
mid move nat
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth support yor
pru support war
ser support vie move tri
smy support con move aeg
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move war
vie move tri
war hold
yor support nth
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
tri move ven
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move eas
alb move tri
bel support eng move nth
bud support tri move vie
bul move gre
den move kie
eas move smy
edi move cly
eng move nth
gal support tri move vie
gre move ion
ion hold
iri move nat
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mos support ukr move war
nat move nrg
nth move edi
pru support war
ser support alb move tri
sil move gal
smy support aeg move eas
tri move vie
tyr support vie
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie support sil move gal
war support sil move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
eas move syr
gal move rum
nth move nwy
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
bel move nth
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
cly move nrg
con move aeg
den move kie
eas move syr
edi hold
gal move ukr
gre support con move aeg
ion support syr move eas
lon move wal
mos move stp
nat move lvp
nth move ska
nrg support bel move nth
nwy move nth
pru support war
rum move gal
ser support bul move rum
smy support eas move syr
stp move mos
syr move eas
tri move vie
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war support stp move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
rum move sev
vie move tyr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move ion
bel move nth
bud move tri
cly support edi
den move swe
eas move syr
edi hold
gal move ukr
gre support aeg move ion
hol support kie
ion support syr move eas
kie support ska move den
lvn move stp
mos move stp
nat move cly
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pru support war
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support ukr move mos
ska move den
smy support eas move syr
syr move eas
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support ser move tri
wal move lvp
war support mos
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
