PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion support bul move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nap hold
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
tri move vie
ukr move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel hold
ber move sil
bul move gre
con support bul
edi move nth
gal support sev move rum
hol move hel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move tun
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe move bal
tri support alb move adr
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support gre
ank move con
bal move swe
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move bud
gas move mar
hol move hel
ion move eas
mos move lvn
nth move den
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support bel
rum support gal move bud
ska support nth move den
spa/sc move gol
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
bla move rum
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move smy
den move bal
eas move ion
gre move alb
hel move hol
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mar support par move bur
mos move war
mun hold
nth support ska move den
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move ven
ruh support kie move mun
rum move bud
ser support vie move bud
ska move den
smy move syr
swe move bal
tyr support mun
ven support adr move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bul move ser
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
den support ska move swe
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal move vie
hol support bel
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move bur
mun support bur move ruh
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh move kie
ser move gre
ska move swe
smy support syr move eas
syr move eas
tri move ven
tyr support mun
ven move apu
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army rom
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
apu move nap
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bur move bel
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nth
gre move bul
lon move eng
mun move kie
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bur move bel
pie move ven
pru support sil move ber
rom support pie move ven
ruh support mun move kie
ser support alb move gre
sil move ber
smy move con
swe move fin
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber disband
kie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
bot move stp/sc
bud support tyr move tri
con move ank
eng move bre
fin support nwy move stp/nc
kie support ruh move hol
lon move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
nth support hol
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bre
rom move nap
ruh move hol
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol disband
tri move adr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
bla support rum move bul
bot move swe
bud move ser
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy
eng move mid
fin move swe
gre move alb
hol hold
ion move apu
kie move den
lvp move iri
mar move spa/sc
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bre
pic support par move bre
por support eng move mid
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser move tri
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
tri support bud move ser
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
apu support rom move nap
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move gas
bul support bla move con
con move bul
den move swe
fin support nwy move stp
gre support con move bul
hol hold
ion move aeg
iri convoy wal move gas
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
mid convoy wal move gas
mar move gol
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move stp
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
ser hold
spa/sc hold
tri support ser
tyr move mun
wal move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove apu
remove bar
remove ion
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel hold
bla support aeg move con
bot support lvn move stp
bre move gas
bul support gre move ser
con support ser move bul
den move bal
fin move stp/sc
gre move ser
hol hold
iri convoy wal move gas
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol support spa/sc
mid convoy wal move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move tyr
nth move den
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move ber
spa/sc hold
stp move nwy
tri move ser
wal move gas
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
bla move ank
bot move swe
bul move con
con support bla move ank
fin support bal move bot
gre move bul
iri move eng
mid support por move spa/sc
mos support stp
nth move den
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
sev move rum
smy support bul move con
stp hold
tri move ser
tun move tus
tyr move mun
tys convoy tun move tus
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support ank
bot support nwy move stp
den move kie
eng convoy wal move spa
fin support nwy move stp
gal move rum
gre move bul
hol move kie
kie move mun
gol move mar
mid convoy wal move spa
mos support stp
nap move apu
nwy move stp
pic move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tri move adr
tus move pie
tys move gol
ven move tyr
wal move spa
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
apu move tri
bla support ank
bot move bal
bul support ser move gre
bur support kie move mun
con hold
den support mun move kie
eng support mid move bre
fin support stp
hol move ruh
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move kie
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
ser move gre
spa support pie move mar
tyr move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move par
gre move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bla
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bal support mun move ber
bel hold
bre move pic
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move hel
edi move nth
eng move bel
fin support stp
gre move alb
kie move mun
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid support spa
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap move ion
ruh support kie move mun
rum move bud
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp hold
tri move bud
tyr move vie
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal support ber
bel hold
bur move pic
eng move bel
fin support stp
hel move hol
lon move den
gol move tys
mid support spa
mun hold
nth convoy lon move den
pic support eng move bel
ruh move kie
spa hold
tri move bud
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army lon
build Army nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy den move pru
ber move kie
bud hold
bur move mar
den move pru
eng move bel
fin support stp
gal support rum move bud
hol support ber move kie
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon move den
lvn support mos move stp
mid support spa
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move den
pic support eng move bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
spa hold
stp hold
tri move alb
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bud move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support nap move gre
bal support ber
bel hold
ber support tyr move mun
bud support gal move vie
bur move gas
den hold
eas move smy
fin support stp
gal move vie
gre hold
hol support pic move bel
ion convoy nap move gre
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun support kie
nap move gre
nth support hol
pic move bel
pru hold
ruh move bur
ser support gre
sil move war
spa hold
stp hold
tri support vie
tyr move mun
vie hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove kie
build Army lon
remove nap
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support ion move gre
bal convoy den move lvn
bel hold
ber support tyr move mun
bud support gal move vie
bur support gas move mar
den move lvn
eas move smy
eng move mid
fin support stp
gal move vie
gas move mar
gre hold
hol move hel
ion move gre
lon move hol
lvn hold
mar support spa
mos support lvn
mun hold
nth convoy lon move hol
pic move bre
pru support den move lvn
ser support gre
sev move bla
spa support mar
stp hold
tri move ser
tyr move mun
vie move bud
war support lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Russia: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move bul
mun move kie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
bal support hol move kie
bel move nth
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
fin support stp
gas support bur move mar
gre move aeg
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move ruh
lvn hold
mos support lvn
mun move kie
nth move den
pru move war
ser support bul move gre
spa support mar
stp hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie hold
war support lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army lon
remove ruh
build Army sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move ion
bal support kie move ber
ber move sil
bla move con
bud move tri
bur move par
con move smy
den support hel move kie
eas move syr
eng convoy spa move bel
fin move bot
gre hold
hel move kie
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon move nwy
lvn hold
mid convoy spa move bel
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move nwy
pru move war
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
spa move bel
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support mun move tyr
tyr move pie
vie support bud move tri
war support lvn
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank move bla
arm move ank
bal support fin move lvn
bel move den
ber hold
bot convoy fin move lvn
con support arm move ank
den move swe
eas support ion move aeg
eng move bre
fin move lvn
ion move aeg
kie hold
lvn hold
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos support lvn
nth convoy bel move den
nwy support stp
par move bre
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
ser move bud
sil move war
smy hold
stp support fin move lvn
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army sev
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
ank support smy
bal convoy den move pru
ber move sil
bot move swe
bud move gal
con support smy
den move pru
eas support syr move smy
eng move bre
lvn support pru move war
mid move bre
mos hold
nwy support stp
par move bur
pru move war
sev support mos
smy hold
spa move por
swe move ska
syr move smy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
ank support smy
bal move den
bud move vie
bur move mun
con support smy
eas support syr move smy
eng move bel
kie move hel
mos hold
nth move nrg
nwy hold
pru move war
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
ska move nth
smy hold
stp support lvn
swe move ska
syr move smy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
bel support hel move nth
boh move tyr
bur move ruh
con support smy
den move kie
eas move ion
gal move ukr
hel move nth
lvn support stp move mos
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos hold
nwy move den
por move spa
rom support ven
sev support mos
sil support war
ska convoy nwy move den
smy hold
stp move mos
syr move eas
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven support boh move tyr
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
bel move hol
bul/sc move aeg
con support bul/sc move aeg
den move kie
eas move ion
gas move par
hel move hol
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mos move sev
nth move eng
nrg move nth
rom move apu
ruh move bur
rum support sev
sev hold
sil support war move gal
ska hold
smy hold
spa move mar
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
apu move syr
eas convoy apu move syr
gal move rum
hel move nth
ion convoy apu move syr
kie support sil move mun
mar move pie
mos move sev
nth move nrg
par move bur
pru move sil
rum hold
sil move mun
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move syr
bel move eng
ber move kie
bre move gas
bur move mar
eas convoy ven move syr
eng move mid
gal move vie
ion convoy ven move syr
kie move ruh
mun support sil move boh
nth move hel
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
ska move nth
syr move arm
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven move syr
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army nap
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy nap move tri
arm support syr move smy
boh support mun move tyr
eas support ion move aeg
edi move kie
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move bud
gas move spa/nc
hel convoy edi move kie
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move bre
lvp move wal
mid support gas move spa/nc
mun move tyr
nat move iri
nap move tri
nth convoy edi move kie
ruh move bur
rum support gal move bud
sev move arm
syr move smy
tri move ser
tyr support nap move tri
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
England: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg disband
tyr move tri
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
England: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support syr move smy
arm support syr move smy
boh move vie
bre move par
bud support boh move vie
eas support arm move syr
eng convoy wal move bel
hol move kie
kie move mun
mid move por
mar move pie
nap move rom
rum support bud
syr move smy
tri support adr move ven
tyr move ven
wal move bel
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
England: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
