PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
par move bur
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
den hold
edi move nwy
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum hold
smy move ank
stp move fin
tri move ven
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
con move aeg
fin move nwy
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun support par move bur
nth move hel
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
por move mid
rum hold
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp/sc hold
swe support fin move nwy
tri move ven
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
fin move stp
gre support con move bul
hel support nth move hol
kie support swe move den
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nth move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move ber
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support sil move mun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bot move swe
bud move vie
bur move ruh
den support bot move swe
eas move ion
edi move nth
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move apu
kie move hol
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support hol move kie
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support ven
rum hold
ser move bud
stp move fin
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support wes move tun
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support tyr move ven
bel move bur
ber hold
den move bal
fin move nwy
hel support nth move den
kie support mun move ber
gol move tus
mun move ber
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
rum hold
sil support ber
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support tri move ven
tys support nap
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
boh support tyr move mun
bul move gre
bur support mun
den hold
edi move nrg
gre move apu via convoy
hel support kie
ion move nap
kie hold
lon move nth
mar move pie
mun support pie move tyr
nrg move bar
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support tus move rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support nap
bar support nrg move nwy
boh support vie move tyr
bur support mun
den move bal
hel support kie
kie hold
mun hold
nap support aeg move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie support tyr move ven
rom move nap
ruh support mun
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support nap
bar move stp/nc
boh move mun
bud move vie
bur move mar
den move bal
edi hold
hel move den
ion move nap
kie support den move bal
mar move gol
mun support pie move tyr
nth support hel move den
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom support ion move nap
smy move eas
tri move ven
tyr move pie
tys support ion move nap
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
boh move mun
bur move pic
den support nwy move swe
eas move ion
edi move hol via convoy
ion move tys
kie support bal move ber
gol move tys
mar move bur
mun hold
nap support gol move tys
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move swe
pie support ven
rom support nap
ruh support mun
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
ber hold
boh move mun
bur move mar
eas support ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move apu via convoy
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move hel
lon hold
lvp move edi
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic hold
pie support ven
rom move nap
ruh support mun
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven support nap move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bar hold
ber move bal
boh support tyr move mun
bul move con
eas support ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move apu via convoy
hel move hol
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move ber
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bur
pie support ven
rom move tys
ruh support mun
tri support adr move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
mun move kie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove swe
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support eas move ion
bal move kie
ber move pru
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur support kie move mun
con move ank
den support bal move kie
eas move ion
hol support bal move kie
ion move alb
kie move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move tys
mun move ruh
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
ruh support kie move mun
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support ven
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
ank move arm
bar hold
bur move mun
den move nth
eas move ion
gre support adr move alb
hol support kie
ion support alb move adr
kie hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
pie support mun move tyr
pru move war
ruh support bur move mun
stp move mos
tun support ion
tus support ven
tys support ion
ven support mun move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
apu move adr
bar convoy edi move stp
boh move vie
eas support aeg move ion
edi move stp via convoy
gal move rum
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion support apu move adr
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move edi
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie support mun move tyr
ruh move mun
sev support mos move ukr
stp move mos
tri hold
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support bul move gre
alb support bul move gre
bar convoy edi move stp
bud move tri
bul move gre
eas move ion
edi move stp via convoy
ion hold
gol move wes
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie hold
rom move apu
sev support mos move ukr
stp move mos
tri support tyr move vie
tun support ion
tyr move vie
tys support ion
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre
alb support gre
apu hold
bar convoy edi move stp
ber hold
boh support tri move vie
bud move gal
eas move ion
edi move stp via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
gre support alb
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move bal
mos move ukr
nrg convoy edi move stp
par move bur
pie move ven
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move rum
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun support ion
tyr support tri move vie
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
aeg move gre
alb move adr
apu move gre via convoy
bal move kie
bar hold
ber move bal
boh hold
bud move vie
bur move mun
eas move ion
gal move bud
gre move bul
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move ber
mos move ukr
nap support ion
nth hold
nrg hold
rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
stp move mos
tri move alb
tun support ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bud disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre
alb support tri move ser
apu move gre via convoy
bal move kie
bar move nrg
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bud move ser
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
edi move hol via convoy
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move ber
lon move eng
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nat
rum support bud move ser
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ukr move gal
vie hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
apu move tri via convoy
boh support vie
bud hold
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal support bud
gas move bre
hol move bel
ion move gre
nat move mid
nap support tun move ion
nrg move nat
rum support bud
sil hold
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr support vie
tys hold
vie hold
war support sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
bel hold
ber hold
boh move gal
bud hold
bul/sc support gre
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal support bud
gas move bre
gre support bul/sc
ion move gre
kie hold
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nap move ion
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev hold
sil move boh
tri move bud
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr hold
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
