PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move ruh
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move ukr
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mun hold
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
sev hold
spa hold
ukr support sev
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel support ruh move hol
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move sev
bot move stp/sc
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul hold
con support bul
den move swe
edi move nth
gal move war
gre hold
hol support kie move ruh
ion hold
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mun move bur
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move mid
ruh move hol
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
spa move mar
ukr move mos
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move con
bul support rum move ser
con move smy
den move swe
eng support bel
gal move war
gre move ser
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support stp/sc
mun support ber move kie
nth support hol
nwy move swe
par support mar move bur
pic move bre
ruh support bel
rum move ser
sev move mos
stp/sc hold
tri move alb
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
boh move mun
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move hel
hol support bur move ruh
kie move den
lvn support mos move war
mid move spa/sc
mar move gol
mos move war
mun hold
par move bur
pic move bre
ruh move kie
ser support bul move gre
sev move mos
smy move arm
tri move ven
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel move nth
boh move gal
bre hold
bur move mun
den move swe
eng hold
gre hold
hel move den
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mos support sil move war
mun support kie
nap support tun move ion
nth move ska
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil move war
spa/sc hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support mos
ven move tri
war support lvn move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move adr
kie move ber
ven disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army edi
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
remove mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move apu
aeg move gre
ber support den move kie
bre hold
bur hold
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move war
gre move alb
hel move hol
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support hol
gol move tys
mar move spa/sc
mos move lvn
nap support wes move tys
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
sev move mos
sil move mun
ska move den
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move apu
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb hold
apu move nap
ber support kie
bre move pic
bur move mun
den hold
eas move ion
edi move nwy
gal move war
gre support eas move ion
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion move apu
kie support hel move hol
lon move eng
lvn move stp
gol move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
nap support ion move apu
nth convoy edi move nwy
ruh move kie
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tyr support mun
tys move rom
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
war disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move apu
aeg support gre move ion
alb move apu
bar support nwy move stp
bud move tri
bur move mun
den support ruh move kie
edi move nrg
eng hold
gre move ion
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion convoy alb move apu
kie support hel move hol
gol move pie
mos support stp
mun move bur
nap support rom
nth support den
nwy move stp
pic move bre
rom support nap
ruh move kie
smy move eas
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move alb
tun support wes move tys
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support eas move ion
alb hold
apu support tus move rom
bar support fin move stp
ber support hel move kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
den support kie
eas move ion
fin move stp
gre support eas move ion
hel move kie
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
lvn support stp
mos support stp
mun support hel move kie
nap support rom
nth move hel
nwy support fin move stp
pie move tus
rom support nap
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support rom
ven support tus move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
apu support ion move nap
bar support fin move stp
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur support hol move ruh
den move bal
eas move ion
eng move nth
fin move stp
gre support eas move ion
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie hold
lvn support stp
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg hold
nwy support fin move stp
pru move ber
rom support ion move nap
stp hold
tun move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven support rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
apu support rom
bal move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber move pru
boh support mun
bre move gas
bur move mun
den support ruh move kie
fin move stp
gre support aeg move ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn support ber move pru
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nap support ion move tys
nth move hel
nrg move nat
nwy support fin move stp
pie move ven
rom hold
ruh move kie
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus support tys
tyr support ven move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
apu support nap move rom
bal move bot
bar support stp
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move ruh
den move bal
gal move war
gas move bur
gre support aeg move ion
hel move nth
hol support bur move ruh
ion move nap
kie support bur move ruh
lon hold
lvn support pru
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nat move mid
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pie support rom move tus
pru support ber
rom move tus
smy move eas
stp hold
tun support tys
tus support mar move pie
tyr support pie
tys support tun
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
rom move ven
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre move ion
apu support rom
bal support swe move lvn
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bur support kie move mun
eas support gre move ion
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support pru
mid move wes
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move tus
pru support ber
rom support ion move tys
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven support pie move tus
war support lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet/dislodged tus
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support eas move ion
apu hold
bal support bot move lvn
bar support stp
bel support bur
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur support ruh move mun
eas move ion
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nap support ion move tys
nth move eng
pie move tyr
pru support ber
rom support ion move tys
ruh move mun
sil support mun
stp support bot move lvn
swe move den
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
war support lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support eas move ion
apu hold
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur support kie move mun
den hold
eas move ion
eng move mid
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn support pru
gol move tys
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nap support ion move tys
pie move tus
pru support ber
rom support ion move tys
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
stp support bot move lvn
tun support wes move tys
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move tus
ven support tus move pie
war support lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu hold
bal support bot move lvn
bar support stp
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur support kie move mun
den support kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn support pru
gol support wes move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nap support ion move tys
par move gas
pie hold
pru support ber
rom support ion move tys
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
stp hold
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys move gol
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven support pie
war support lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu hold
ber support mun
boh support mun
ion move gre
gol hold
mos support war
mun support ber
nap move ion
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom support tys
sil support mun
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys support gol
ven move pie
war support lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur move mun
gas support mar
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
lvn support pru
gol support pie move mar
mos support lvn
mun support ber
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom support tys
ruh support bur move mun
sil move mun
spa/sc move gol
tun support wes move tys
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys support gre move ion
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support bot move lvn
bar support stp
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur move mun
den support kie
gal move sil
gas support mar
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support pru
gol support pie move mar
mos support lvn
mun support sil move ber
naf support tun
nap support tys
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
rom support tys
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bar support stp
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur move mun
den support kie
gas support mar
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
gol support tus move pie
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap support tys
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys support gol
ven move apu
war support lvn
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bal move pru
bar move nrg
bel support ruh
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support stp
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
gas support mar
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
gol move wes
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap support tys
pie move gol
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sil support mun
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
tun move ion
tus support pie move gol
tyr support ven move pie
tys support gol move wes
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel support ruh
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support stp
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
gas support mar
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support mid move wes
nap move rom
nrg move nat
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sil support ber
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp hold
tun move ion
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur support kie move mun
gas support mar
hol move kie
ion support tun
kie move mun
gol support tys move wes
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun support ber
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom move tys
ruh support kie move mun
sil support ber
spa/sc move gol
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
war support lvn
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support stp
bur support mar
den support bal move kie
gas support spa/sc
hol support ruh
ion move tys
kie support ruh
lvn hold
gol support wes move spa
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support nat move mid
nat move mid
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support mun
stp hold
tri move adr
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
boh support mun
bot support stp
bur support mar
den support bal move kie
gas support spa/sc
hol support ruh
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
gol support tys move wes
mid move por
mos support lvn
mun support bal move kie
naf move mid
pic move par
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sil support ber
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
tun support wes move naf
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes move naf
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove hol
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp
bur move par
den support kie
edi move nth
gas support bur move par
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
naf support tys move wes
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
por hold
pru support ber
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
tus move tys
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move tyr
war support lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move bur
par move pic
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp
bre hold
bur move bel
den support kie
eng support bre
gas support par move bre
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie hold
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
naf support wes
nth support pic move bel
par move bre
pic move bel
por hold
pru support ber
ruh move hol
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr move pie
tys support wes
war move sil
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army edi
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber hold
boh move mun
bot support stp
bre hold
den support kie
edi move pic via convoy
eng convoy edi move pic
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie hold
gol hold
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move pic
par move pic
pie move mar
por hold
pru support ber
ruh support mun move bur
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move naf
tys hold
vie move tyr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
bot support stp
bre hold
bur move bel
den support kie
eng move pic
gas move bre
hol support ber move kie
iri hold
kie hold
gol hold
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nth hold
par support gas move bre
por hold
pru move ber
ruh support bur move bel
spa/sc support mid move por
stp hold
tun move naf
tys hold
ven move pie
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Austria: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
kie move hel
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bot
build Army con
build Fleet smy
remove stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support hol
ber support kie
bre hold
bur support bel
con move bul
den hold
eng support pic move bre
hel move hol
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie support hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol hold
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf support wes move mid
nth move bel
par move bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
ruh support hol
sil move pru
smy move aeg
spa/sc support wes move mid
tri move adr
tyr move pie
tys move wes
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
mid move nat
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh move sil
bre hold
bul hold
bur move par
den hold
edi move lvp
eng support bre
gas support bur move par
hel move nth
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie support hol
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid move iri
mar move bur
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid move iri
nth move nwy
par move gas
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move lvn
ruh support hol
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move fin
tyr move mun
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
iri move wal
par move pic
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove pic
build Army vie
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support bur move pic
ber move kie
bre hold
bul move gre
bur move pic
con move bul
eng support bre
fin move nwy
gas support par move bre
ion move tys
iri support mid move eng
kie move den
lvp hold
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move sil
naf support wes move mid
nat move cly
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bre
por support wes move mid
ruh support bel
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support fin move nwy
vie move boh
wal support lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
