PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move con
bot move swe
bur move mar
eng move bre
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
nth move bel
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud hold
con move aeg
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
kie hold
lon move nwy
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic support bre move eng
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move con
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
tyr move ven
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel support ruh move bur
con move bul
den hold
gal support rum move bud
hol support bel
kie move bal
lon hold
mid move por
mar support wes move spa/sc
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nwy
ruh move bur
rum move bud
sev move bla
swe move nwy
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move pie
war support gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support den move swe
bud support gal move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move par
den move swe
gal move vie
hol support bel
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mar move gas
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth move nwy
pie move ven
por move mid
spa/sc move por
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel hold
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
fin move stp/sc
gas move mar
hol move nth
ion move alb
iri move eng
lon hold
mid move bre
nwy support swe
par support mid move bre
por hold
rum support bul move ser
swe support nwy
tri support ser
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
bel move ruh
ber support mun move sil
bot convoy swe move lvn
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
gal move war
gre move aeg
iri move nat
kie move mun
lon move nwy
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move bar
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
ser support bul move rum
sil move pru
smy move con
swe move lvn
tri support alb
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank move arm
apu move adr
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bla move rum
bot move bal
bud support bla move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move bre
ion support alb
lvn move mos
mun move boh
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy support bar move stp/sc
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move war
spa/sc move mar
stp/sc support pru move lvn
tri move vie
ven support pie move tyr
vie support bud
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
alb support tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bla move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bre hold
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
ion support alb
lvn move mos
mar hold
mun support sil
nat move cly
nth move lon
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move bre
pru move war
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil support ber move pru
stp/sc move lvn
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
vie disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal move swe
bar move nrg
bla move sev
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move rum
cly move edi
gal move rum
ion support alb
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move ruh
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move pic
pru move war
rum move bud
sil support pru move war
tri support vie
tyr support vie
vie support tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove gal
build Fleet kie
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal support kie move den
bla move sev
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul move ser
con support ank move bla
den support nwy move swe
edi move yor
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn move mos
mar move spa/sc
mun support ruh move kie
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pic move bur
ruh move kie
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
tri move ven
tyr support vie
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie support tyr
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla move bul/ec
den move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal move swe
bla support sev
boh hold
bul/ec move rum
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
den support bal move swe
gal move war
hel move hol
ion hold
kie move hol
lon move wal
mid move eng
mos support war
mun support boh
nth support hel move hol
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum support sev
ser support con move bul/ec
sev hold
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe hold
tyr support vie
tys move wes
ukr support bul/ec move rum
ven move pie
vie support tyr
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move nwy
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lvp
remove stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support bul/sc move rum
boh support mun
bur move pic
con move bul
eng move bel
gal move ukr
hol support eng move bel
ion hold
kie move hol
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
mun support boh
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pic support eng move bel
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr support vie
ukr move sev
vie support tyr
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel support nth
bla move sev
boh support gal
bud move rum
bur move par
den move ska
gal support rum
gas support mar move bur
hol move kie
ion hold
kie hold
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun support boh
nth move nwy
pic move bre
rum support sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
spa/sc move mid
stp support nth move nwy
swe support den move ska
tri move adr
tyr support vie
ukr support bla move sev
vie support tyr
wal move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove eng
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bel move pic
bla hold
boh support gal move vie
bre hold
bul/sc move aeg
bud support ser move rum
bur move par
con move bul
edi move yor
gal move vie
gas support bur move par
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move nat
kie support mun
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nwy move swe
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
ska move nwy
stp support ukr move mos
swe support ska move nwy
tyr support vie
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move war
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
bla support ser move rum
boh support vie
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul support ser move rum
gas move bur
hol move kie
iri move nat
kie hold
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth convoy yor move nwy
par support gas move bur
pic move bel
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support war move mos
stp support yor move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
vie hold
wal move lon
war move mos
yor move nwy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
ber move pru
bla move sev
boh support vie
bud support tyr move vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng convoy lon move pic
hol move kie
kie support mun
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
rum support bla move sev
sev support mos
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support bla move sev
ven support tyr
vie hold
yor move den
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move ank
bar move nwy
bel support lon move hol
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
gal move war
hol move hel
kie move den
lon move hol
gol hold
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg support bar move nwy
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
stp support bar move nwy
swe support kie move den
tri support vie
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
tyr move pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
remove war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
bel support nth
bur move ruh
den move kie
eng support nth
gal move war
gre move aeg
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
lon move hol
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy support stp
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move bud
sev move bla
ska move nth
stp move mos
swe support ska
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr support stp move mos
ven support rom move tus
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move smy
bel move pic
ber support kie
boh support mun move sil
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move ank
den move kie
eng move nth
hel support kie move den
hol move kie
kie move den
gol move mar
mos support ukr move sev
mun move sil
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy support nth move ska
pie move mar
ruh support kie
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska move nwy
stp support ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
ukr move sev
ven support tus move pie
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Italy: fleet/dislodged nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
sev move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
ber support sil move pru
bla move ank
boh move sil
con support bla move ank
den support ska move swe
edi support nth
hel move den
ion hold
gol move tys
mos support bar move stp/nc
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp
pic move eng
pie move tyr
sev move arm
sil move pru
ska move swe
smy support bla move ank
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri move adr
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
stp move fin
swe move bal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move swe
bul move rum
con move bla
den support swe
fin support bal move swe
mos support stp/nc
nth move ska
nwy support swe
ruh support tyr move mun
ska support bal move swe
smy move con
stp/nc support nwy
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tyr move mun
tys move nap
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
