PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bre move pic
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move bud
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
lon move eng
nth move nwy
ruh move hol
ser support vie move bud
spa hold
tus move pie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move tri
ank hold
ber support kie move mun
bla support rum
bot move swe
bre hold
bud support bul move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
eng move mid
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move eng
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support vie move bud
spa move por
tun move wes
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move tri
ank move con
ber move kie
bla support rum
bot move swe
bre support pic
bud move vie
bul hold
den move swe
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre hold
hol hold
mid support eng move bre
mar move spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
nwy move ska
pic support bre
pie move mar
por hold
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul support gre move ser
den hold
eng move nth
gre move ser
hol hold
kie move ber
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mar hold
mun move tyr
par move bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
por hold
rum support bla move bul
ser support vie move bud
ska move swe
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber move pru
bot move swe
bud support rum
bul/ec hold
con move bul
den hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gre support con move bul
hol hold
ion move nap
gol support mar
mar hold
nth move den
pru move war
rum support bul/ec
ser move bud
sil move war
ska support nth move den
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move pru
bud support vie move tri
bul/ec hold
con move bul
gal support rum move bud
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion move tun
gol support mar
nap move apu
pru support war
rum move bud
sil support ber move pru
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri support vie move bud
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war support pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ion
bal support pru move ber
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot move swe
bud support gal move vie
bul/ec hold
con hold
den move hel
edi move nth
gal move vie
ion support aeg move gre
kie move hol
lon move pic via convoy
gol support mar
pru move ber
ser move rum
sil move war
ska move den
tri move ser
tys support apu move ion
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
ion move alb
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
remove sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bal support ber move kie
bel hold
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move rum
bul/ec support bud move rum
bur support gas move mar
con support rum move bul
den support hel move kie
eng move bel
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move ber
gol support mar
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ber
nth support eng move bel
por move spa
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move bla
swe hold
tri support ser move bud
tys move wes
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
gre move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla move ank
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bur move mar
den move kie
gas support spa
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move ber
gol support mar
mun move sil
nth support bel
pic move bel
sil move mun
spa support gas
swe move ska
tri move vie
ukr move gal
ven support adr move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie disband
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bel support nth move hol
ber move mun
boh move vie
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
den support hel move kie
edi move nth
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move bud
gas support spa
gre move alb
hel move kie
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support hel move hol
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move hol
pic move lon
rum support gal move bud
sev move bla
sil support ber move mun
ska hold
spa support gas
ven support tri
vie move tri
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol disband
kie move bal
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank move con
bel support nth move eng
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul support ser move rum
bur move par
den hold
eng convoy pic move wal
gas move par
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support den
lon hold
mar support spa/sc
mun hold
nth move eng
pic move wal
por hold
rum hold
ser move rum
sil move ber
ska move nwy
spa/sc support mar
ven support tri
vie move tri
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move wal
tun move tys
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Army sev
remove tys
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
bal move swe
bel move nth
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy sev move con
bud move ser
bul move rum
con hold
den move ska
eng move bre
gas support por move spa
hol support kie
kie hold
lvp move iri
mar support spa/sc
mun move kie
nwy move ska
pic move bre
por move spa
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev move con via convoy
spa/sc support mar
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bud support rum
bul move rum
con hold
den move ska
eng move bre
gal move boh
gas move bre
gre move aeg
hol support kie
iri move eng
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nth move nwy
nwy move ska
pic move bel
por move spa
rum support bla move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mid move por
swe move bal
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove iri
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support tun move ion
ank move con
bal convoy lvn move swe
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support rum move ser
bul/ec support ank move con
con move bul
den move ska
eng move bel
gas support bre
gre hold
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn move swe via convoy
mar move gas
mun hold
nth support eng move bel
nwy hold
por move mid
rum move ser
ser support con move bul
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven support tyr
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
con move smy
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
alb move gre
bal move den
bel hold
ber hold
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud hold
bul/ec hold
con move smy
gal support boh move vie
gas move par
gre hold
hol support kie
ion support alb move gre
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nwy hold
ser hold
sil move mun
ska support nth move nwy
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tri support vie
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bla
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla convoy sev move con
boh support gal move vie
bre hold
bud move tri
bul/ec support sev move con
con move ank
den hold
edi move nth
gal move vie
gas move bre
hol support kie
ion move adr
kie support ska move den
lon move yor
mid support gas move bre
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy hold
par support bre
rom move ven
ser support bud move tri
sev move con via convoy
sil hold
ska move den
swe move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy disband
tri move alb
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
alb support ven move tri
ank support aeg move con
ber support mun move kie
bla move ank
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support ven move tri
bul/ec hold
con support bla move ank
den hold
eng move bel
gas move bre
gre support ion move aeg
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie hold
gol move tys
mid support gas move bre
mun move kie
nth support ska move nwy
nwy hold
par support bre
ser hold
ska move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
nwy move swe
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support gre move bul
alb move ser
ank move con
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support sev move ank
boh move gal
bre hold
bud support tyr move vie
con support sev move ank
den support ber move kie
edi hold
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
hol support kie
kie hold
lvp move nat
mid support gas move bre
mun move ruh
nth support nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par support bre
ser move bud
sev move ank via convoy
sil move mun
smy support ank move con
swe support nrg move nwy
tri support alb move ser
tyr move vie
tys move ion
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move rum
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
bel support hol
ber support ruh move kie
bla convoy sev move ank
bre hold
bud support tri move vie
bul/sc support aeg move con
con move ank
edi hold
gal move bud
gas move bur
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie hold
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth support nat move nrg
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par support bre
ruh move kie
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul/sc
sev move ank via convoy
smy move con
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move tri
nwy move ska
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove edi
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel support hol
ber support ruh move kie
bla convoy sev move ank
bre hold
bud support rum move ser
den support ruh move kie
gal move vie
hol support kie
kie support ska move den
mun support ruh move kie
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par hold
ruh move kie
rum move ser
sev move ank via convoy
ska move den
smy hold
swe support nwy
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
ser move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ser
ank move con
bel hold
ber support mun
bla convoy sev move bul
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
bul/sc support con
bur support tyr move mun
con support aeg move smy
den support kie
gal move vie
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move eas
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
par hold
rom move tus
ser hold
sev move bul via convoy
ska support nth move nwy
smy support ank move con
swe support nwy
tri support alb move ser
tyr move mun
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move rum
vie move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove tys
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
ank move con
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bud move tri
bur support tyr move mun
con support eas move smy
den move nth
eas move smy
hel support ska move den
hol support hel
kie move den
mid hold
mos move ukr
mun hold
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par hold
rum support bla move bul
ser support tri
sev hold
ska move den
smy support ank move con
swe move nwy
tri support ser
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
bel move nth
ber move mun
bla convoy sev move ank
boh support tri move vie
bre hold
bud move tri
bul/sc support con
bur support mun
con support eas move smy
den hold
eas move smy
gal support vie
hel support den
hol support bel move nth
kie support ber move mun
nth move edi
nwy hold
par hold
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move ank via convoy
sil support ukr move war
smy support ank move con
swe hold
tri move vie
tyr support mun
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
tri move ser
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove sev
remove sil
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
ber hold
bla move ank
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support boh move vie
bur support mun
con move bla
den support hel move kie
gal move bud
hel move kie
hol move bel
kie move den
lvp move edi
nap move tys
nth support lvp move edi
nwy hold
par hold
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support ven move tri
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
syr move smy
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war hold
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nrg
kie move ruh
tri move alb
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank hold
bar move nrg
bel support nth move hol
ber support ruh move kie
bla move rum
boh support tyr move vie
bre hold
bud support ser
bul/sc support smy move con
bur support mun
den support kie
edi hold
gal move bud
kie hold
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
par hold
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser support bud
smy move con
swe hold
syr move eas
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nrg move nth
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
remove eas
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
remove swe
build Army ven
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bel support hol move nth
boh move sil
bud support rum
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
con move bla
den move ska
edi hold
gal move ukr
hol move nth
kie move ber
mid move eng
mun support boh move sil
nap move tys
nth move lon
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
rom move tus
rum support con move bla
ser support tri move alb
sev hold
sil move war
tri move alb
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank hold
bel move nth
ber hold
bla support con move ank
boh move sil
bud support gal
bur support mun
con move ank
edi hold
gal move ukr
gre move bul/sc
lon hold
mun support sil move ber
nat move iri
nth move yor
ser support rum
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move den
swe hold
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr move war
war move mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
