PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
eng move bel
hol support eng move bel
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth move nwy
par move bre
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
spa move por
tri move vie
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
arm hold
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support rum move bul
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
con move bla
den move kie
gre support rum move bul
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move bur
nap hold
nwy move nth
par move pic
por move spa
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy move arm
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tun hold
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bul move ser
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support arm
arm hold
bla move con
boh move vie
bre support par move pic
bud hold
bul support rum move ser
con move bul/sc
eng move bre
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
kie move den
lon move nwy
mid move iri
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move pic
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa move mar
swe hold
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support arm
arm support ank
bel move eng
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bla
eng move mid
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
iri move mid
lvp move iri
mar support pic move bur
mun support boh move tyr
nth move eng
nwy move swe
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pru support war move sil
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev move arm
swe move bal
tri hold
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bud
tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bla move con
ank move smy
arm move ank
bal support pru move ber
bel move hol
bla move con
bre move gas
bud move ser
bur move ruh
con move bla
eng move bel
gas move spa
gre hold
ion support gre
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mun support kie move ber
nth support swe move den
par move pic
pie move ven
pru move ber
rum move bul
ser support vie move bud
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
swe move den
tri support vie move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
tri move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
remove pic
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
remove smy
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal support den move kie
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
bud move tri
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
gal move ukr
gas move spa
gre support bud move ser
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
iri support lon move eng
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid support gas move spa
mos move sev
mun support kie move ber
nth support bel
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
sil move mun
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
mun move boh
spa move mar
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
bla convoy sev move ank
boh move mun
bul move rum
con support sev move ank
eng support iri move mid
gal move ukr
hel move kie
hol move hel
iri move mid
kie move den
gol convoy tus move spa
mar hold
nth move den
ser support tri
sev move ank
sil move mun
smy move con
tri support vie move tyr
tus move spa
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
wal move iri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
remove smy
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move smy
bal move swe
bel move hol
bla move con
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng move bre
hol move hel
iri move mid
kie move den
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid move por
mos hold
nth move ska
pie support ven
rum support con move bul
ser support aeg move gre
sev hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
ber move kie
bre hold
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
gre hold
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
gol move mar
mid move eng
mos move ukr
mun support ber move kie
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
por hold
rum support mos move ukr
ser move bud
sev hold
ska support den move swe
spa/sc support gol move mar
ukr move mos
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar disband
swe move bot
tri move vie
ukr disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ber move kie
bot support stp/sc move fin
bre move pic
bud support ser
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move bel
gre support aeg move ion
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
lon move bel
lvp move wal
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nwy move stp/nc
por move mid
rom move tus
rum support bud
ser hold
sev move bla
ska move den
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
stp/sc move fin
swe hold
tri move vie
ukr move gal
ven support alb move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla move con
bot move bal
bud move vie
con move bul
den move bal
eng convoy wal move pic
fin support mos move stp
gal support bud move vie
gre move alb
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tun
mid move por
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap hold
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pic move bre
rum move bud
ser support gre move alb
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
swe hold
tri move bud
tus move ven
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bar support nwy move stp/sc
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bot move bal
bre move mid
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move bal
eng convoy wal move pic
fin support stp
gal move boh
hel support kie
mun move ruh
nwy move stp/nc
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move mun
swe move fin
tun move tys
vie support ser move tri
wal move pic
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bar support nwy move stp/nc
bel move hol
boh support vie move tyr
bot support stp
bud move vie
den move bal
eng move mid
fin support stp
hel support kie
kie hold
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun move ruh
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
por support mid move spa/sc
ser move bud
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
swe move fin
tus move rom
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bar support nwy
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
boh move mun
bot move swe
eng move mid
fin support bot move swe
hel support kie
hol support bel move ruh
ion move nap
mid move wes
mos support stp
nwy support swe
ruh move kie
sev move bla
sil support boh move mun
swe hold
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ion move nap
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal hold
bar support nwy
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
bot support fin move swe
bud move tri
fin move swe
hel move nth
hol move kie
kie move hel
lvn support stp
mid move spa/sc
mos support stp
mun move kie
nwy support swe
por support mid move spa/sc
ruh support hol move kie
sil support ber
spa/sc support mar
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ven move pie
wes support mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
