PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
apu support ven
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
edi move nrg
gal move vie
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic support bur move bel
ruh move hol
ser hold
tri move vie
ukr move gal
ven hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
apu support ven
bel support par move bur
bud support tri move vie
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
gal move boh
gre support con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie move bal
lon support nrg move nth
mar support par move bur
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bel
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move gre
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
swe support nth move ska
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
ukr move gal
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move gre
bal move ber
bel support bur move ruh
boh move mun
bot move bal
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support ska move swe
eas move ion
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
ion convoy apu move gre
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun support bal move ber
nth move den
nwy hold
pic support bel
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser move bul
sil support boh move mun
ska support nth move den
swe support bot move bal
tri hold
tun support ion
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
mun disband
ruh disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move alb
bal support sil move ber
bel support ruh move hol
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support nth move hel
eas move ion
edi move nth
gal move war
gre support bul move ser
hol support kie
ion convoy apu move alb
kie support ber
mun move kie
nth move hel
nwy support swe
pic move bur
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser move rum
sil move ber
ska support den
swe hold
tri move alb
tun support ion
ven hold
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move alb
bal support swe
bel move ruh
ber support hel move kie
bud support rum move ser
bul support ser
bur support ruh move mun
den support ska move swe
eas move aeg
gal move rum
gre move alb
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move mun
mun support hel move kie
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pru move sil
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sev move rum
ska move swe
tri hold
tun support ion
ven support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove boh
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move alb
bud support rum
bul support ser
bur move mar
con move bla
den support nwy move swe
eas move aeg
edi move nth
gal move boh
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move ber
lon move yor
mid move naf
mar move gol
mun support kie move ber
nwy move swe
par move bur
ruh support mun
rum support bud
ser support gre move alb
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri support apu move alb
tun support ion
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber disband
swe disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move rom
ber hold
bla support bul move rum
boh move gal
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move bal
eas move ion
gre support ser
ion support tun
kie support bur move mun
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move den
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ser move bud
ska support yor move den
swe hold
tri hold
tun hold
ven hold
wes support naf move tun
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
ser move bul
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal convoy den move lvn
ber hold
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul support rum
den move lvn via convoy
edi move yor
gal support bud move rum
gre move ser
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lon hold
mar move gol
mos support den move lvn
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move nrg
par move bur
pie move tus
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum support bla move sev
ser move bul
ska move nth
swe move ska
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys support pie move tus
ven move pie
wes support tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support yor move den
ber hold
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
gal support rum
gre support bul
ion hold
lon hold
lvn move war
gol move tus
mos support lvn move war
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move den
nrg hold
pie support tyr move ven
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
ska support nth
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr support sev
ven hold
wes support tys
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
ven disband
war disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
remove sil
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal convoy den move pru
ber support den move pru
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
den move pru via convoy
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support con move bul
ion hold
kie move mun
lon move den via convoy
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev move rum
ska support lon move den
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support mun move boh
tys move nap
ven support tus move rom
vie support bud move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes support tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support ion
apu support nap move rom
bal convoy den move pru
ber support den move pru
boh support tyr move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move pru via convoy
gal move bud
gre move bul
ion support nap
gol support wes move tys
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy move den via convoy
pie support ven
pru move war
rom support tys move nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
ska convoy nwy move den
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr support war move gal
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gal disband
rom move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre
alb support ser move gre
bal move den
ber support den move kie
den move kie
gal move bud
gre support con move bul
hel move hol
ion move eas
gol move wes
mar move gol
nap support tun move ion
nth move bel
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom support ion move nap
rum support con move bul
ser move gre
sev support rum
ska move nth
tri move ser
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri
tys support tus move rom
ukr support war move gal
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support gre
alb hold
bel support nth move eng
ber support den move kie
bud support ukr move rum
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
gal support ukr move rum
gre support con move bul
ion support tri move alb
kie move mun
gol move wes
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth move eng
rum support con move bul
ser hold
sev support rum
sil support kie move mun
tri move alb
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove apu
build Army con
build Army edi
remove ion
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ser
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support eas move ion
bel move nth
ber move kie
boh move gal
bre support par move pic
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move yor
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move vie
gre support bul move ser
hol hold
kie move hel
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mun support sil move boh
par move pic
rum support bud
sev move rum
sil move boh
tri support vie move bud
tun move naf
tyr support boh
tys move gol
ven support tyr
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bel move bur
boh support vie
bre support pic
bud support tyr move vie
bul move rum
eng move iri
gal move war
gre move ser
hel move den
hol support yor move bel
ion move tys
iri move nat
kie move hel
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move bel
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie support mun move tyr
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
England: army/dislodged rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
tyr move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move pic
boh move tyr
bud support tri
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
den move bal
edi move lvp
eng support spa/sc move mid
gal support vie
gre move ser
hel move den
hol move nth
iri support nat move mid
lon support nth move eng
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth move eng
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move bla
spa/sc move mid
tri support bud
tun move naf
tyr move tri
tys support aeg move ion
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel move pic
bla support rum
boh move mun
bre support pic
bud support tri
bul support ser
bur support bel move pic
den move kie
eng support bel move pic
gal move bud
ion hold
iri support eng
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mid move bre
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth support eng
par support bre
pic support bre
sil move war
spa/sc move por
tri support bud
tyr move tri
tys hold
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
wal move eng
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
bla convoy con move sev
bre support par
bud support tyr move tri
bul move rum
bur move par
con move sev via convoy
eng support mid move bre
iri move mid
kie move bal
lon move wal
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth move nrg
par support bre
pic support bur move par
por support naf move mid
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
tri move vie
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
wal move yor
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre disband
par move gas
tri move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move bot
ber move bal
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
bur move par
eng move bel
gal move vie
gas support mid move bre
iri move nat
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
nrg move nwy
par support bre
pic support par
por move mid
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move mos
stp move nwy
tri move bud
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri move bud
wal move iri
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
England: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
bre move eng
tri move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bal move swe
bel move nth
bla convoy ank move sev
bot move fin
bre move pic
bud support gal move vie
bur move par
con move bul
eng support pic move bre
gal move vie
gas support bur move par
iri support nat move mid
lon hold
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nap move tys
nrg move nwy
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move mos
stp move fin
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
England: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
England: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move tyr
bot support swe move fin
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud support vie
bul move rum
eng support mid move bre
gal move war
gas support bre
iri move mid
lon move bel via convoy
gol move tys
mid move bre
mos support stp
mun support boh move tyr
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move stp/nc
par support bre
pic support ruh move bur
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh move bur
sev move ukr
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
swe move fin
tys move tun
ven support tyr
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
England: supply vie
Turkey: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
mid move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet mar
remove nth
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bla convoy con move rum
boh move sil
bot support nwy move stp
bre support mid
bud support rum move gal
bur move par
con move rum via convoy
eng support naf move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gas support par
iri support naf move mid
mid support bre
mar hold
mos support stp
mun support boh move sil
naf move mid
nwy move stp/nc
par support bre
pic move bre
por support mid
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move ukr
stp hold
tun support tys move wes
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
stp move lvn
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
bot move bal
bud hold
bur move bel
eng support mid move bre
fin support stp/nc
gal move sil
gas support bre
iri move lvp
lvn support mos move stp
mid move bre
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nat move lvp
par support bre
pic move par
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move gal
ser support bud
sil move ber
stp/nc hold
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
remove ukr
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support mun move ber
bel move ruh
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bud support gal
edi move nrg
eng support pic move bel
fin support stp/nc
gal hold
gas support bre
ion hold
iri move lvp
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move cly
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf move mid
nat move nrg
par support bre
pic move bel
por support naf move mid
pru move ber
ruh move kie
ser support bud
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp/nc hold
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bel hold
boh support mun
bre move eng
bur support par move pic
cly move nat
edi move nrg
eng support iri
fin support stp/nc
gas support bur
iri support cly move nat
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
lvp support cly move nat
mid support bre move eng
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
nat move iri
par move pic
por support mid
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mid
stp/nc hold
tyr support mun
war move pru
wes support mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move nth
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel hold
boh support mun
bre support eng
bur support mun move ruh
eng support pic move bel
fin support stp/nc
iri support lvp move wal
kie support bal move ber
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat support iri
nth move lon
nrg move nth
pic move bel
por support mid
pru move ber
ruh support bel
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mid
stp/nc hold
tyr support mun
war move pru
wes support mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ruh disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
