PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu move gre
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move ruh
con hold
eng move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
mar move spa
rum hold
smy move ank
stp move nwy
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
bel support bre move eng
bla convoy rum move arm
bre move eng
bud support alb move tri
bul move ser
con move ank
gre support ion move alb
ion move alb
nap move tys
nwy move swe
ruh move hol
rum move arm
ser support alb move tri
sev support bla
smy move con
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri support ion move alb
ven move adr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ven move tri
ank move arm
bel move nth
bla support rum
bot move bal
bud support ser
con move ank
den move hel
eng support bel move nth
gre support bul move ser
par move bur
rum hold
ser hold
sev move arm
sil move boh
smy move con
spa move por
swe move den
tri hold
tys move tun
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ven move tri
ank move arm
bal support hel move kie
bla support sev move arm
boh move tyr
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
con support bul
den support hel move kie
gre support tri move ser
hel move kie
rum move bul
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
tun move ion
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move gre
ank hold
arm support bla
bal move ber
bla support rum move bul
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bla
den support kie
eng move lon
gre move bul
hol support bur move ruh
ion move aeg
kie support bal move ber
nth support eng move lon
nwy move nth
rum move bul
ser support gre move bul
smy move aeg
tri hold
tyr move mun
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm support bla
ber support den move kie
bla support rum
bud move gal
bul move con
den move kie
eng convoy hol move wal
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
hol move wal
ion move eas
kie move hel
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth convoy hol move wal
nwy move nth
par move bur
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support tri move bud
tri move bud
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move smy
ank hold
arm move ank
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
boh support vie
bud support tyr move vie
bul move con
bur move ruh
con hold
eas support aeg move smy
eng support nth move lon
gal move bud
hel support kie move hol
hol support bur move ruh
ion move aeg
kie move hol
nth move lon
nwy move nth
por move spa
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
smy hold
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
vie support gal move bud
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move bel
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
remove vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support con
bel support ruh move hol
bla support rum
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
eas hold
eng move lon
gal support rum move bud
hel move hol
hol move bel
kie support hel move hol
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
mar move bur
nap move ion
nth support hol move bel
ruh move hol
rum support war move gal
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy move con
spa move gas
tri move adr
tyr move vie
ukr support war move gal
ven move apu
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
gal move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support bla move con
apu move syr
bel support mun move bur
bla move con
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul support smy move con
bur move bel
eas convoy apu move syr
eng support lon move nth
gal support rum move bud
gas move bur
hol support bel
ion convoy apu move syr
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mun move bur
nth support bel
pic support bur move bel
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
smy move con
ukr move rum
vie move boh
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud move tri
nth move nrg
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army nap
remove sil
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support con
ank support bla
bel support ruh move hol
bla convoy rum move arm
boh support bud move vie
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move rum
con support bul
eas convoy nap move smy
eng move nth
gal support bud move vie
gas move bur
hol support nrg move nth
ion convoy nap move smy
kie support hol
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move smy
nth move ska
nrg move nth
pic support gas move bur
ruh move hol
rum move arm
ser support vie move bud
sev support rum move arm
stp/nc move nwy
syr move arm
tri support vie move bud
vie move bud
war move pru
yor support eng move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
arm support ank
bel support ruh move hol
bla support ank
boh support bud move vie
bud move vie
bur move ruh
con move bul/ec
eas move aeg
eng move nth
gal support bud move vie
hol hold
ion move gre
kie support hol
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support ukr move rum
ska move den
smy support syr move arm
syr move arm
tri support vie
ukr move rum
ven move adr
vie support rum move bud
yor support eng move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support bla move con
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
bla move con
boh move tyr
bud move rum
bul/ec move bla
bur move ruh
con move ank
den support yor move nth
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hel support yor move nth
hol support nrg move nth
kie support swe move den
mun support boh move tyr
nth move ska
nrg move nth
pic move bur
ruh move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
smy support con move ank
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support gal move bud
yor move nth
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: fleet/dislodged den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
rum move ukr
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move con
ank move bla
arm support rum move sev
bal move swe
bel move den
ber support mun
bla support ukr move rum
bud support gal move vie
bul/ec support ank move bla
bur move mun
gal move vie
gre move ion
hel support bel move den
hol support ruh move kie
kie support den
mun support kie
nth convoy bel move den
nrg move nth
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
ska support bal move swe
smy move ank
tri support vie
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
kie disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move rum
arm move sev
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move pic
bud support gal move vie
bul/ec support ank move rum
bur move ruh
den move swe
gal move vie
hel move den
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support bur move ruh
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth support swe move nwy
nrg move cly
par move bur
rum move sev
ser support tri move bud
sev move ukr
ska support den move swe
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tyr support gal move vie
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support kie
bud support rum move gal
bul/ec move con
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con move aeg
den support ruh move kie
edi move lvp
gal move vie
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
kie support mun move ruh
mun move ruh
nth move edi
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser move tri
ska support den
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tyr support gal move vie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
kie move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud move tri
cly move nat
con move aeg
den move nth
gal move war
kie move ber
gol support wes move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move lvn
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move den
par move gas
rom support tri move ven
ruh move bur
sev move mos
ska convoy nwy move den
stp/nc move bar
tri move ven
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie support bud move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel hold
ber support mun
bud move vie
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gas support mar
hol support den move kie
ion hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc
mid move por
mos move stp
nat move lvp
nth move edi
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum hold
ska move nwy
spa/sc hold
tri hold
tys hold
ven hold
vie move boh
war hold
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
