PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul hold
con support bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sev move arm
smy move ank
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm support sev move ank
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy sev move ank
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul support smy move con
con move ank
den hold
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move ska
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move ank via convoy
smy move con
spa move mar
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support arm move smy
apu move adr
arm move smy
bel hold
bla move con
boh move tyr
bud move vie
den hold
edi move lvp
eng convoy pic move wal
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move alb
kie support den
gol hold
mid move iri
mar hold
mun hold
nth move lon
pic move wal via convoy
rum move gal
sev move rum
ska move nth
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army bud
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
ank move con
bel hold
bla support ank move con
bud support tri
bul move ser
eng support wal move lon
gal move sil
gre move ion
hol support nth
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun hold
nth convoy den move yor
rom support tyr move ven
rum hold
ska move den
smy support ank move con
stp move fin
swe support ska move den
tri support ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bul/sc
lon move yor
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel move ruh
bla move rum
con support ser move bul
den move kie
eng move wal
fin move swe
hol move kie
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lon move yor
mun support kie move ber
nth move edi
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
smy move arm
swe move bal
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move tun
ven move rom
yor move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bul/sc disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support sil move ber
ber support kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con hold
den move kie
edi support hol move nth
gal move boh
gre move aeg
hol move nth
iri move lvp
kie support ber
lvp move wal
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth convoy nwy move lon
nwy move lon via convoy
pie hold
pru support sil move ber
rom move tus
ruh support kie
rum hold
sil move ber
swe support den
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ven hold
vie move bud
wal support iri move lvp
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move yor
nth move bel
rum move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support ber move kie
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
con move smy
den support ber move kie
edi support nth
eng support lon
gal support sev move rum
ion move adr
kie move den
lon hold
mun support kie
nth support kie move den
pie support rom move ven
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support mun
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move mun
tus support rom move ven
tyr move vie
ven support pie move tus
wal move iri
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move ska
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
build Army par
build Fleet tri
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal support kie
ber move mun
bla move con
bud move gal
bul support con
den support ruh move kie
eng support lon
gal support sev move rum
hol support ska move nth
iri move mid
kie support swe move den
lon hold
lvp move cly
mar move gol
mun support ruh move kie
nap move ion
nth move hol
par move pic
pie move tus
ruh move kie
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil support ber move mun
ska move nth
smy support bla move con
swe move den
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
mun move boh
nth move nwy
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal move bot
bla support sev move rum
boh move mun
bul move con
cly move edi
con move ank
den support ruh move kie
eng support lon
gal move ukr
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
lon hold
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun support kie
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move tus
rom support tus move ven
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy move con
swe support kie move den
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bla support smy move ank
boh move mun
bot convoy swe move stp
bud move rum
bul support ser move gre
den move kie
eng support pic move bel
hol move bel
kie move ber
mun support den move kie
nap move rom
nwy support swe move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tus
rum move sev
ser move gre
sil move ber
smy move ank
swe move stp via convoy
tyr support boh move mun
tys support nap move rom
ukr support bud move rum
vie move gal
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Austria: fleet/dislodged ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
gre disband
mun move ruh
rom disband
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
bla move con
bot move bal
bul move con
bur support bel move ruh
con move smy
den move kie
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move war
gre hold
hol support den move kie
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move sev
sev move ukr
sil move ber
stp hold
tun move tys
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove nrg
build Army par
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm support ank move smy
bal move ber
bel move hol
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move con
bur support mun
con support ank move smy
eng move bel
gal support rum move ukr
gre move ser
hol move nth
kie move mun
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nth support bel move hol
nwy support hol move nth
par move pic
rom move tys
ruh support bel move hol
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support kie move mun
smy support bul move con
stp move mos
tyr support vie move boh
tys move ion
ven move adr
vie move boh
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
smy move aeg
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move gre
aeg support bul move con
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber support kie
boh move sil
bul move con
con support smy
edi support bel move nth
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move war
hol support mun move kie
ion move eas
kie hold
gol move wes
mos support arm move sev
mun move kie
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pic move lon via convoy
ruh support mun move kie
ser move rum
sev support ukr
sil move gal
smy support con
stp move lvn
tri move gre
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support tus move rom
ukr support sev
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move bud
kie move den
nth move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
arm support smy
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mun
con support smy
den support ber move kie
eas support aeg move smy
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal support mos move ukr
hol support kie
kie move mun
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ukr move sev
sev move arm
sil support mun move ber
smy support con
tri move vie
tys move ion
ukr move sev
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move smy
arm support mos move sev
ber hold
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul move con
bur support mun
con support ank move smy
den move kie
eas support ank move smy
eng move iri
gal move bud
hol support den move kie
kie move bal
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie support ven
ruh support mun
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move war
smy support bul move con
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie move gal
war support ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
smy move aeg
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move smy
bal move ber
boh move sil
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move bla
eas move aeg
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move vie
hol hold
ion move alb
iri move nat
kie support bal move ber
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
sev move rum
sil support ber
smy move con
tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven hold
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
ber support kie
bla support con move bul
boh support gal move vie
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
ion support aeg move gre
kie support ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
pru support sil move war
ruh support hol
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move con
tri move adr
tyr move tri
ukr support war
ven support tyr move tri
vie move boh
war support ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove gal
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
remove ser
remove sil
build Army stp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie
bla support sev move rum
boh support ukr move gal
bud support tri move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
edi support nat move nrg
eng move nth
gre support ion move aeg
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie support ber
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support pru move ber
nat move nrg
nth move den
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move ven
pru move ber
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ser
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
nrg move bar
rum move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support gre
bal move swe
bar move nwy
ber hold
bla move sev
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul hold
den support kie
edi move nth
gal support boh move vie
gre hold
ion move eas
kie hold
lvn move mos
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
ruh support mun
rum support bul
stp support bar move nwy
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr move sev
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
