PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ven
bot move bal
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move smy
den move swe
gal move war
gas move spa
ion move tun
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru support sil move war
sev move rum
sil move war
spa move por
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bla support bul move rum
bre move pic
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move aeg
edi move nth
gal move ukr
hol move kie
kie support swe move den
mar move gol
mun move ber
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa
pru move lvn
rom move apu
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa move gas
swe move den
tri hold
tun move ion
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move alb via convoy
bel support pic move eng
ber move mun
bla move sev
bud support rum
bur move ruh
gal move war
gas move bur
hel move den
hol move kie
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move ber
lvn support war move mos
gol move spa/sc
nap move apu
nth support hel move den
pic move eng
rum hold
sev move rum
smy move arm
spa move mar
swe support hel move den
tri move alb
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove ber
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move alb via convoy
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move hel
eng move nth
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move hol
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri move ven
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ven move tri
apu move adr
bel support ruh move hol
ber support den move kie
bla move sev
bul support aeg move gre
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal move war
gre move ser
hel support lon move hol
ion move gre
kie support mun move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support sev move mos
mid move nat
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move hol
ruh move hol
rum move sev
sev move mos
stp support sev move mos
tri move adr
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army sev
remove stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tri move ser
ank move sev via convoy
apu move ion
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move eng
bul support gre
bur move pic
den support ber move kie
edi move nrg
eng move iri
gal move bud
gre support bul
hel move hol
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lvn support mos move war
mos support ank move sev
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nth move eng
ruh support kie move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move ukr
tri move ser
ukr support ank move sev
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support tri
arm move smy
bel support hol
ber support ruh move kie
bla move ank
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul support gre
den move kie
edi move nrg
gre support bul
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
iri support nat move lvp
kie move ruh
lvn support mos move war
mos move war
nat move lvp
nth support hel move hol
pic move bur
ruh move kie
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
ukr move rum
vie support bud
wal move lvp
war move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
kie move mun
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove mun
remove nrg
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec move con
ank move con
bel support eng move nth
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul/ec move con
bur move ruh
con support rum move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
gre move bul/sc
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
iri support lvp
kie support hol
lon hold
lvn move stp
nth move eng
par move pic
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move mos
smy support bul/ec move con
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
vie support bud
wal support yor move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move nrg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move nth
bud support vie move tri
con support smy move ank
den move nth
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move bul/sc
hel support den move nth
hol support kie
iri support lvp
kie support nth move den
lon hold
lvp support pic move wal
mun support tyr move boh
nth move den
nrg move edi
pic move wal via convoy
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move bud
smy move ank
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wal support yor move lvp
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move ank
bel support nth
boh support tyr move vie
bud move ser
con move bla
den move nth
edi support den move nth
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move ukr
hol move den via convoy
iri move nat
kie support hol move den
lon move wal
lvp support pic move wal
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth convoy hol move den
nwy move swe
pic move wal via convoy
ruh move hol
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie move tri
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
France: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move hel
ser move alb
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tri move ser
ank move arm
arm move ank
bel support nth
bla support ank move arm
boh move gal
bud support ser
edi support hel move nth
eng support hol move lon
gre support tri move ser
hel move nth
hol move lon via convoy
kie support den
lon move wal
nat move nrg
nth convoy hol move lon
rum move bul
ser support bud
sil move war
swe hold
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
vie support tyr move tri
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove hel
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army ven
remove wal
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel support eng move nth
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bud support rum move bul
den move swe
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move rum
kie move den
lon move yor
lvp move cly
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
rom move ven
ser move bud
sev support rum
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri support ser move bud
ven move tyr
vie support ser move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move nth
bla support sev
bud support ser move rum
cly move edi
den support nwy move swe
edi hold
eng support bel move nth
gal move ukr
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move gas
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr move boh
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move mos
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Army mar
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bla move sev
boh move gal
den move swe
gal move ukr
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp/nc
rum support gal move ukr
sev move mos
swe move bot
ukr move mos
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bar support bot move stp
bla move sev
bot move stp/sc
sev move mos
ukr support sev move mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
stp disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
