PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move aeg
gas move spa
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
sil move boh
spa move por
tyr move mun
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
bel move ruh
ber support kie move mun
boh hold
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
gal move bud
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move eng
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth support nwy
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun move wes
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
bar support stp move nwy
bel hold
ber support mun
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul support gre
den hold
eng move bre
gre support bul
mun hold
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
ruh move hol
rum support vie move bud
ser support vie move bud
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move arm
swe support stp move nwy
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move bud
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bar
build Army kie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber support mun
boh support bud move vie
bud move vie
bul support gre
con support ank move bla
den hold
eng move bel
gal move war
gre support bul
hol support bel
kie move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mun support ber
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel support hol
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
bul support gre
con move aeg
den hold
eng move bre
gre support bul
hol support bel
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos support bar move stp
mun support ber
nth move bel
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser move bul
sev hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move ven
vie support boh move tyr
war hold
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move gas
tyr move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move sev via convoy
bel support hol
ber support mun
bla convoy ank move sev
bud support rum
bul support gre
den support kie
gas move spa
gre support bul
hol support bel
kie support den move ska
mar support spa/sc
mos move war
mun support ber
nap move tys
por support gas move spa
rum hold
ser hold
sev move ukr
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support mun
bla support bul
bul support gre
den hold
eng support mid move bre
gal move bud
gas support por move spa
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion support gre
kie move ruh
mid support lon move bre
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber
nth move ska
por move spa
sev support ukr move mos
spa/sc support mid
tri move vie
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move sev via convoy
bel move nth
ber support mun
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support pie move tyr
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support gre
den support swe
eng convoy lon move pic
gas support por move spa
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion support gre
lon move pic via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move gas
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move mos
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move fin
swe move ska
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
swe move bal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal support den move swe
bel support bur
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bre support gas move par
bul support alb move gre
bur support mun
con move bul
den hold
eng support pic move bre
gal support rum
gas move par
gre support con move bul
ion move alb
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mid move por
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nth support den
pic move bre
rum support bul
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska move den
spa/sc support mid move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support ska move den
tri move ser
tyr support boh move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support bur
ber support mun
bla support bul move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
den hold
gal move ukr
gas move bur
gre support con move bul
ion support gre
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth support den
por support spa/sc move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ven move pie
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support bur
ber support kie
bla support rum
boh support mun
bre support gas move par
bud move rum
bur hold
con move bul
den support kie
eng move lon
gal support bud move rum
gas move bur
gre support con move bul
ion support gre
kie support ber
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun support sil move ber
nth move lon
pie move mar
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil move ber
stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla support sev move rum
boh move mun
bre move par
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
con support bul
den hold
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gas support mar move bur
gre move ser
ion move gre
kie support ber
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move ruh
nth support den
nwy support edi move nth
rum move gal
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
sil support boh move mun
ska support swe move den
swe move den
ukr support rum move gal
ven move tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
gal disband
nth move hel
ser disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
den move kie
gal move vie
gas support bur move par
hel support kie
ion support bul move gre
kie support ber
lon move eng
mun move ber
nth move hol
nwy move swe
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil support mun move ber
ska move nth
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bud move tri
par disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
remove pru
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
gas move bur
gre move alb
hel support kie
kie hold
mun move ruh
par move pic
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ber support ruh move kie
bur support pic move bel
hel support kie
hol hold
kie support hol
mun support ruh move kie
pic move bel
ruh move kie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
