PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
apu move gre
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
par move bur
ser support ion move gre
sev move rum
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support bur move ruh
ber move bal
bla support bul
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move ank
den move swe
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move adr
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move mid
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev support rum move bla
smy move eas
spa move gas
ukr move rum
ven move apu
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move arm
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
ank support con
apu move ven
arm move bla
bal move ber
bel support edi move hol
bla support sev move arm
bot move swe
bur support tyr move mun
den move kie
eas move aeg
edi move hol
gas move mar
gre move ser
hel move den
hol move bel
ion move tun
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support ruh
nth convoy edi move hol
par support bur
ruh support mun
rum hold
sev move arm
sil move ber
ska support hel move den
tyr move mun
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support con move bul
ank move arm
arm move ank
bal move lvn
bel move ruh
bla support arm move ank
boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
hol support bel move ruh
kie move ber
lon move bel
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move bel
par move pic
pie move ven
rom move tus
rum hold
ser move alb
sil move ber
ska move nwy
swe move bot
tri support pie move ven
tun move tys
tyr support tri
ven move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ank support bla move con
apu support rom move ven
bel hold
bla move con
bot move stp/sc
bul support con
bur support tyr move mun
con hold
den support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie hold
lvn move stp/sc
mun support kie
nth support bel
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic hold
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
ser support aeg move gre
sil support pru move ber
tri support ven
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven support tri
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
kie move hel
mun move boh
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove apu
remove boh
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove hel
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
remove tus
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank support con
bel support ruh
ber move kie
bot move swe
bud support tri
bul hold
bur support mun
con support rum move bul
den move bal
edi move nwy
gre move aeg
kie support ruh
mar move gol
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bur
pie move ven
ruh support kie
rum move bul
ser support bul
sil support mun
smy move con
swe move fin
tri support pie move ven
tun move tys
tyr support pie move ven
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support smy move con
ank hold
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
bud move rum
bul support smy move con
bur support pic move bel
con support rum move bul
fin move swe
gal move war
kie move ber
lon move den
gol move tys
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bel
rom support adr move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sil support mun
smy move con
stp/nc support nwy
swe move ska
tri support ven
tun support gol move tys
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
rum move sev
tys move nap
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army par
remove sil
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
bal support kie move ber
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support bel move ruh
con support smy move ank
den move kie
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ber
mun support bel move ruh
nap support rom
nth support swe move ska
nwy move fin
par move pic
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr support mun
tys support tun move ion
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet/dislodged ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla move rum
boh move sil
bur support ruh move bel
con hold
eng convoy pic move wal
fin move stp
gre hold
hol support kie move ruh
ion move nap
kie move ruh
mos support ukr move war
mun support ruh
nap support rom
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pic move wal
pru move war
rom support nap
ruh move bel
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
ska move den
tyr support mun
tys support ven move rom
ukr move war
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move smy
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move hel
edi move lvp
eng support wal move lon
hol support ruh
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun support bur move ruh
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
rom support tys move nap
ruh support ber move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
sil support war move pru
smy move eas
stp support sev move mos
tyr support mun
tys move nap
wal move lon
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
nap disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bul
ber support ruh move mun
bre support mid
bul support ser move rum
bur support bel
con support smy move bul
eas move ion
eng move mid
gre support bul
hel move den
hol move bel
ion support gre
iri support eng move mid
kie support ber
lvp move yor
mos support rum move sev
mun support sil move ber
nap support ion
nth move eng
pru support sil move ber
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil move ber
smy move bul
stp support sev move mos
tyr support mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove den
remove eas
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bre support mid
bud move rum
bur support bel move ruh
con support aeg move bul/sc
eng move mid
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion support gre move aeg
iri support eng move mid
kie move bal
lvn support mos move stp
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth support hol move bel
par move pic
pru support mun move ber
ruh support ber move mun
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil support mun move ber
smy move arm
stp support mos
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move boh
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bul move gre
ruh move hol
stp move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
bur support ruh move bel
con support bul/sc
eng support bel
gre support rum move bul
hol move kie
ion move eas
iri support eng
kie move ber
lvn support stp
mid support bre move eng
mun move kie
nth support yor move lon
nwy move swe
pic support ruh move bel
pru support sil move ber
ruh move bel
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy hold
spa/sc support mid
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
France: army/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move wal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support smy move arm
arm move ank
bal move ber
bel support mun move ruh
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bul move con
bur support bel
eas move smy
eng move wal
gre move ser
hol support kie
iri move lvp
kie support bal move ber
lon support eng move wal
mid move nat
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth move yor
pic support bel
pru move ber
rum move sev
sil support pru move ber
smy move arm
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
wal move lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
arm support mos move sev
bal support kie move ber
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
boh move gal
bur move ruh
con move ank
eng move nth
hol move ruh
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mos move war
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
wal move iri
yor move nth
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
bal move den
ber move kie
bre move eng
bur move mar
con move ank
eng move nth
gal move war
hol support mun move kie
iri move nat
lon move wal
lvn support ukr move mos
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move kie
nat support mid move iri
nrg support eng move nth
par move bur
pru support gal move war
ruh support mun move kie
rum move sev
sil move ber
smy support ank move con
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move alb
ukr move mos
yor move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
bul/sc move con
con hold
den move nth
eng move nth
hol move kie
iri support nat move lvp
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
nat move lvp
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
ruh support hol move kie
rum move sev
sil move mun
smy support bul/sc move con
stp move mos
vie move tyr
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
con move ank
lvp move wal
stp move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove fin
build Fleet mar
remove nwy
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move bur
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move ank
den move ska
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gre move bul/sc
hol support kie
iri move wal
lon move yor
lvp support iri move wal
mar move gol
mos move stp
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
ruh support kie
sev move arm
stp move fin
tyr move boh
tys move ion
wal move lon
yor move nth
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank hold
arm support con move ank
bul/sc move con
con move ank
edi move yor
eng support wal move lon
fin move swe
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support nth move den
lon move yor
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mar move pie
nth move den
ska support yor move nth
smy support ion move aeg
stp move fin
ven move tyr
wal move lon
yor move nth
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
