PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support pic move bel
hol move bel
kie move den
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev move bla
sil move ber
spa hold
stp move nwy
tys move tun
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support vie move tri
ank move con
bel move bur
ber support war move sil
bre move gas
bul move gre
con move bul
den move bel via convoy
eng move bel
hol support den move bel
kie support mun move ber
lon move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move lon
nrg move nth
nwy hold
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support vie move tri
smy move eas
spa move mar
swe move den
tri move bud
tun move wes
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel support nth move hol
ber support bur move mun
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur support spa move mar
con move bla
eas move ion
gas support spa move mar
gre support bul
hol move hel
kie support ber
lon support wal move eng
mar support wes move spa/sc
nth convoy nwy move den
nwy move den via convoy
pru move ber
rum hold
ser hold
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support nwy move den
tri support ser
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
wal move eng
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move pic
ber hold
bla support rum
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur support mar
den move hol via convoy
eas move ion
eng move pic
gas move spa
gre support bul
hel support kie move den
kie move den
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mar support gas move spa
mun support ber
nth convoy den move hol
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru move sil
rum support tri move bud
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa support pie move mar
swe move bal
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven support tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
arm move bla
bal support sil move ber
bel move pic
ber support mun move sil
bla move ank
bud support ser move tri
bul support rum
bur move par
den support hel move nth
eng move bre
gal support sev move rum
gas move spa
gre move nap
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move nap
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
mun move sil
nth support hol move bel
pie move ven
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
remove spa
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bal support ber move kie
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
bre hold
bud support rum
bul support rum
con move bla
den support hel move kie
eng support bre
gal move sil
hel move kie
ion move nap
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mar move gas
nap move apu
nth move hol
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move mun
swe move den
ven move rom
vie move tri
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move bla
apu move rom
bal support swe move den
bel move pic
bla move ank
bud support tri
bul support rum
con support ank move bla
den support hel move kie
eng support bre
gas support pic move bre
hel move kie
hol support nth
ion move tun
kie support sil move mun
gol hold
mun move ber
nap support apu move rom
nth hold
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rom move tus
rum support bud
sev move mos
sil move mun
swe move den
tri support adr move ven
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move arm
bre move mid
den move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
remove gas
remove hel
build Army mos
remove ska
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support sev
bal move pru
bla support ank move arm
bre support par move pic
bud move gal
bul support rum
con move aeg
eng move bre
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid support eng move bre
mar support tus move pie
mos support stp move lvn
nap move tys
par move pic
pic support eng move bre
rom move tus
rum move sev
sev support arm
smy move eas
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tun support nap move tys
tus move pie
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
arm move sev
bal move ber
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bre support mid
bul support rum
eas move ion
gal move ukr
hol move bel
lvn move pru
mid hold
mar move spa
mos support sev move ukr
mun move tyr
nth move eng
pic move bur
pie move mar
por hold
rum support arm move sev
sev move ukr
spa/sc move gol
tun move wes
tus move pie
tys support tun move wes
ven hold
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove gol
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support lon move pic
bla support sev
bud move ser
bul support rum
den move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
ion move tys
lon move pic via convoy
mid move naf
mar hold
mos move sev
par support bre move gas
pie support tri move tyr
por move mid
pru move sil
rum support mos move sev
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tyr support sil move boh
tys move gol
ukr support war move gal
ven move apu
vie move tri
war move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
apu move nap
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
boh support tyr
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur support pic move par
eng move bre
gal support ukr
ion move nap
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa
mar support spa
mos move sev
naf move tun
par hold
pic move par
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil move mun
spa support mar
tri move alb
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move pie
vie hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Turkey: army/dislodged pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tus
rum move bud
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
remove vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
apu move nap
bal move swe
bel move hol
bla support rum move bul
boh support gal
bre move eng
bud move rum
bur move ruh
edi move nth
gal support ukr move rum
gas move bre
ion support aeg
kie support mun
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun hold
naf move mid
par move bur
pie support ven move tus
rom support tus
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
tus support rom
ukr move rum
ven move tus
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army/dislodged pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
arm move sev
bla support bul
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
eng move nth
gal support rum
hol support ruh move kie
ion support tys move nap
kie move den
gol move wes
mid move nat
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth move ska
pie move ven
rom support tus
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
swe move nwy
tus support pie move ven
tyr support mun
tys move nap
ven support pie move tyr
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove wes
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm hold
bla support bul
boh move vie
bud support ser move rum
bul support gre
bur support kie move mun
den support mun move kie
eng move bel
gal support rum move bud
gre support ion
hol move kie
ion support nap move apu
kie move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
mos move stp
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move ska
pie move tyr
rom support tus
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska support lon move nwy
spa/sc move mar
tri support apu move ven
tus support ven
tyr support boh move vie
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Austria: fleet/dislodged apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu disband
nwy move swe
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
arm move rum
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla convoy arm move rum
bud support vie move tri
bul support arm move rum
bur support kie move mun
den support ber move kie
gal move vie
gre support apu move ion
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom support tus
ser support tri
sev move rum
ska support nth move den
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ser
tus support ven
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove sev
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla support smy move arm
bud support vie move tri
bul support rum move ser
bur support lon move bel
den support ska move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move sil
gre hold
hol support mun move kie
ion move tun
lon move bel via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh support ber move kie
rum move ser
ser support tri
ska move swe
smy move arm
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri support ser
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser disband
swe move bal
tri move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri move ser
arm hold
bal support ruh move kie
bel move ruh
ber support tyr move mun
bla support bul
bud move rum
bul support ser
bur support bel move ruh
den support mun move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support edi move nwy
gas move bre
gre move alb
hol support mun move kie
lvp move iri
mar move gas
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move eng
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom support ven
ruh move kie
ser support gre move alb
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc hold
stp move nwy
swe support edi move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ven move tus
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove nrg
build Army sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm hold
bal move swe
ber support mun move kie
bla support bul
bre support gas move par
bul support ser
bur move pic
den move nth
eng move bre
fin hold
gas move par
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri hold
kie move den
mid support bre
mos support stp
mun move kie
nwy hold
rom support ven
ruh move bur
rum support sev
ser support bul
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
swe move ska
tri hold
tus support ven
ven hold
war move gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla support bul
boh move mun
bre support par
bul support ser
bur move gas
eng move iri
fin support nwy
gal support rum
ion support tys
iri move nat
kie move ruh
mid support bre
mar move spa/sc
mos move lvn
nth move eng
nwy hold
par support bre
pic move bur
rum move bud
ser support bul
sev move rum
ska move nth
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri hold
tus hold
tys support rom
ven move apu
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove den
remove nwy
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre support par move gas
bud support rum
bul support ser move rum
bur support gas move par
eng move bre
fin move swe
gal move boh
gas move par
ion support rom move nap
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lvn move war
mid move spa/nc
nat move mid
nth move eng
par move gas
pic support eng move bre
ruh hold
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move ska
tri support bud
tus support apu move rom
tys move nap
ven support apu move rom
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
sev move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bla support ser move rum
boh move vie
bre support iri move mid
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur hold
eng support iri move mid
gas move mar
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun hold
nap hold
par support bur
pic move bel
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
ska move nth
tri support bud move ser
tus support rom
ven support rom
war move gal
wes support spa/nc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lvp
remove mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support sev
bre support par move gas
bul move gre
bur support par
con move bul
eng move iri
gal support ser move rum
hol move yor
iri move nat
gol move wes
mid move por
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy hol move yor
nrg support nth
par move gas
pic move eng
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tus support rom
tys support wes move gol
ukr move sev
ven move apu
vie move bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
gol move mar
ukr move war
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bud move ser
bla support ukr move rum
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul support ukr move rum
bur support gas move mar
eng move bre
gal support rum
gas move mar
gre move ser
iri support nat move mid
gol support spa/nc
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
nat move mid
nap support tys
por move spa/sc
rom hold
rum move sev
sev support ukr move rum
spa/nc hold
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys support nap
ukr move rum
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
remove pie
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move lon via convoy
bla support sev
bud support ser
bul support rum move ser
bur move mar
gal move rum
gas move spa/nc
gre support bul
ion support gre
iri convoy lvp move naf
lvp move naf via convoy
gol move wes
mid convoy lvp move naf
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
nap move rom
nth convoy bel move lon
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
por support gas move spa
rom support ven
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev hold
spa/nc move mid
stp move lvn
tri support alb
tys support nap move rom
ukr move sev
ven support rom
war move ukr
yor move edi
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support sev
bre support spa/nc move mid
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
edi move lvp
gre move alb
ion move tun
iri support spa/nc move mid
lvn move mos
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move sev
naf move tun
nat support edi move lvp
nap move rom
nth move edi
pie move tyr
por support mid move spa
rom support ven
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
spa/nc move mid
swe move den
tri support bud move ser
tys support nap move rom
ukr support mos move sev
ven support rom
war move gal
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
