PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move bel via convoy
gal move bud
gas move spa
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
tri support mun move tyr
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support bur move ruh
ber move pru
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move ser
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nth
gre move alb
hol move ruh
ion move adr
lon move yor
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
por move mid
rum hold
ser support vie move tri
sev support rum
spa move gas
tri move vie
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move gre
bel support yor move hol
bot move swe
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
gal move vie
gas move mar
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move tun
mid hold
mun hold
nth convoy yor move hol
pic support bur
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support vie move bud
sev move bla
sil move boh
smy move con
stp/nc hold
tri support gal move vie
tyr move ven
vie move bud
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove pie
remove tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support rum move bul
boh move sil
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move hel
edi move nth
gas hold
gre move alb
hel support nth move den
hol support bel
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move nat
mid hold
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move den
pic move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser support bul move rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
ser move rum
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support gre
ank move con
bar support nth move nwy
bel move ruh
bla move sev
boh support kie move mun
bre move mid
bud support bul/ec move rum
bul/ec move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
den move swe
gas support mid move spa
gre support con move bul
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn support stp
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mun support hol move kie
nat support bre move mid
nth move nwy
pie hold
rum move sev
ser hold
sil support kie move mun
ska support swe move nwy
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
wes hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ber
rum disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lvn
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bar support swe move nwy
ber move mun
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support ber move mun
con move bul
gas move naf via convoy
gre support bul move ser
hel move den
kie support hel move den
mid convoy gas move naf
mar hold
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth support swe move nwy
nwy support ska move nth
pie hold
ruh support ber move mun
ser hold
sev move mos
sil move war
ska move nth
smy move eas
spa/sc hold
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tys move gol
ven move tri
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
bar support nrg move nwy
bla move ank
boh move mun
bul support ser
bur support mar
den support swe
eas move ion
gre move alb
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
naf move tun
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh support mun
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe support nrg move nwy
tri support alb move ser
vie move bud
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ska
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ank move con
apu move nap
bar support edi move nwy
ber move sil
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support mar
den move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move ser
ion move tun
lon hold
lvn support stp
lvp move nat
gol support wes move spa
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move ska
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move ven
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
ber hold
bur support mar
con move aeg
fin support nwy move stp
gre move ser
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn support stp
gol support pie move mar
mar support por move spa
mos support stp
mun move ber
naf support wes move tun
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
sev hold
sil support ber
ska move nwy
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
remove ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal convoy den move lvn
bar support stp
ber move kie
bre move gas
bul move ser
bur support mar
den move lvn via convoy
eas support ion
fin move bot
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn hold
gol support wes
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun move ber
naf support tun
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
ser move tri
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp support den move lvn
tun support mid move wes
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
vie move boh
war move pru
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber hold
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur support mar
den move swe
eas move ion
gas support spa/sc
gre move alb
hol move ruh
ion support wes move tun
kie support ber
lvn support pru
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf support tun
nth hold
nrg move nat
pie move mar
pru support lvn
sev move bla
sil support pru
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp support bot move lvn
tri move tyr
tun support mid move wes
tys support wes move tun
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal support stp move lvn
bar move nwy
ber move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support ber move mun
eas move ion
gas move mid
ion move tys
kie support ber move mun
lvn support pru
gol support tys move wes
mar support mun move bur
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move tun
nat move mid
nth move eng
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support ber move mun
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move mar
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move war
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal move ber
ber move kie
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
bur support mun
con move bul
eng support nat move mid
fin move stp
gas support nat move mid
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn hold
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos hold
mun support bal move ber
naf move tun
nat move mid
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
ruh support mun
sil support ber
spa/sc move mar
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven hold
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bul move rum
bur support mun
eng convoy lon move pic
gas support spa/sc
ion move tys
kie support mun
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move pru
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar support wes move spa
mos support war
mun hold
naf move tun
nwy move stp/nc
pie support mar
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
tun support tys move wes
tyr support ber move mun
tys move wes
ven hold
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bot support lvn
bur support mun
eng move nth
gas support spa/sc
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn hold
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar support wes move spa
mos support war
mun hold
naf move tun
pic move bel
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move gal
ser move bul
sil support war move pru
spa/sc hold
stp/nc hold
tyr support ber move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven hold
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn move pru
ber support lvn move pru
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support war
gas support spa/sc
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn move pru
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support pru move lvn
mun support ber
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
sil move ber
spa/sc hold
stp/nc hold
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys support gol
war support pru move lvn
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ion
bal support ber move pru
bel hold
ber move pru
bla hold
boh support gal move sil
bot support nwy move stp
bul move con
bur support mun
gal support sil
gas support mid
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ber
naf move mid
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie move mar
ruh support mun
sil move pru
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move bar
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys support wes
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bur support gas
con move ank
gal support sil
gas support por move spa
ion move tys
lvn move mos
gol support wes move spa
mar support spa move gas
mos move ukr
naf move mid
nwy move stp
por move spa/sc
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tun support naf
tyr move mun
tys move wes
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move lvn
bar move nwy
bel support bur
ber support pru move sil
bla hold
boh move tyr
bot move lvn
bur support ruh move mun
eng support mid
gal move boh
gas move spa/nc
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvp move iri
gol support wes move spa
mid support gas move spa
mar support spa move gas
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
pie support mar
por support gas move spa
pru move sil
ruh move mun
sil hold
spa move gas
stp move mos
tys move wes
ukr hold
war support sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove ion
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bla hold
boh move mun
bot support kie move lvn
bur support mun
con move bul
eng move bre
gas move spa/nc
iri support mid
kie move lvn via convoy
gol support spa
mid support gas move spa
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support pru move sil
naf move mid
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
por support gas move spa
pru move sil
sil hold
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp support kie move lvn
tun support wes
tyr move mun
tys support wes
ukr support war
war support sil
wes support spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal move den
ber move sil
bla hold
boh support sil
bot support lvn
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move bul
gas move spa/nc
ion support tun
iri support mid
lvn support pru move war
gol support spa
mid support gas move spa
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
naf move mid
nrg move nth
pie support mar
por support gas move spa
pru move war
ruh support mun
sil move pru
spa hold
stp move mos
tun support wes
tyr move mun
tys support wes
ukr support mos
war support sil move pru
wes support spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
bot move bal
bul move rum
bur support mun
den move kie
eng move bre
gal support pru move war
gas move spa/nc
iri support mid
lon move den via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid support gas move spa
mar move gas
mos move lvn
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nth convoy lon move den
pie support spa move mar
por support gas move spa
pru move war
ruh support mun
sil move gal
spa move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tun support wes
tyr support boh
tys support wes
ukr support pru move war
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy den move pru
boh move vie
bre move gas
bur move par
den move pru via convoy
gal support war
gas move bre
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie hold
lvn support stp move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support gol move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nth hold
por support spa/nc
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move war
spa/nc support bre move gas
stp move mos
tyr support boh
tys move rom
ukr move sev
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
build Army lon
remove gol
remove naf
remove pie
build Army smy
remove tyr
remove war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move den
bre support nat move mid
bud move vie
con move bul
gal support sil move boh
gas support mid move spa
ion move adr
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move war
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
par support spa/nc move gas
por hold
pru move sil
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sil move boh
smy move con
spa/nc move gas
stp move mos
tun move wes
ukr support mos move sev
vie move tyr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
bel move bur
bla support rum move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul support rum
con move bul
den move nth
gal support boh move vie
gas support por move spa
hol move bel
iri support mid
mid support por move spa
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
par support bel move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev hold
sil move gal
tys move gol
ukr support sev
war support sil move gal
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
remove gas
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
bla move sev
boh support gal
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur support par move gas
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
gal support war move ukr
iri support eng move mid
lon move hol via convoy
gol support spa/sc
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move gas
por support eng move mid
rum move gal
sev support war move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move por
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ven support tyr move tri
vie move boh
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support tyr move vie
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas support bur move mar
hol move ruh
iri move mid
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support sev
naf move wes
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
por support mid move spa
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move por
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
