PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move arm
smy move arm
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bul hold
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support pic move bel
fin move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
nth hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy move con
spa move por
tri move vie
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank hold
bel support par move bur
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng support bel
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap support tun move ion
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa
rom move apu
rum move bla
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum move bla
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move pie
ukr support rum
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
apu move alb via convoy
bel support bur move ruh
bla support gre move bul
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support swe
eng support bel
gre support ser move bul
hel support hol
hol hold
ion convoy apu move alb
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nap move tys
nth support ska move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
ska move den
spa hold
stp/nc move bar
swe support den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr support bud move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mar
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser move tri
ank move con
bar support stp move nwy
bel support ruh move hol
bla support sev move arm
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move nth
eng move mid
gre support bul
hel support hol
hol hold
ion support aeg move gre
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh move hol
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
sev move arm
ska support nwy move swe
spa move tus via convoy
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ven support ser move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move ank
bar support nwy
bel move hol
bla support arm move ank
bud move ser
bul hold
con move bla
den support fin move swe
fin move swe
gre hold
hel support hol
hol support mun move kie
ion move tys
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri support bud move ser
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move nap via convoy
ank support sev move arm
bal move kie
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel move hol
bla support ank
bud support vie move tri
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
con support smy move ank
den support ruh move kie
gre move ion
hel support bal move kie
hol move ruh
ion convoy alb move nap
gol move tys
mun hold
nth support den
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support bul move gre
sev move arm
ska support den
smy move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe support bal move den
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie move tri
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
mun move ber
ven move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support bla move con
arm move smy
bar support nwy
ber support ruh move mun
bla move con
bud move rum
bul support bla move con
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
den move swe
fin move swe
gre support bul
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support hel move hol
mun move ber
nap support rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe move ska
rom hold
ruh move mun
ser support gre
ska support den move swe
smy move ank
swe move ska
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tys move ion
ven support tri move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army/dislodged hol
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move bel
mun move bur
swe move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet edi
remove pie
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move smy
bal support swe move den
bar hold
bel support bur
ber move mun
bul move rum
bur support bel
con support arm move smy
edi move nth
fin support nwy move swe
gre move bul
hol move bel
kie move den
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
rum move sev
ser support gre move bul
ska support swe move den
smy move con
swe move den
tri move alb
tus move rom
tyr support ber move mun
tys move tun
ven support tus move rom
vie move gal
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tys
smy move syr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bal support swe
bar hold
bel support bur
bul support ser move rum
bur support bel
con move bul/sc
den move swe
fin move stp
gal move war
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move hel
mun move bur
nap support tys move rom
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support den move swe
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev move mos
ska support den move swe
smy hold
swe hold
syr move smy
tun support wes move tys
tyr support ven
tys move rom
ven support rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
swe disband
tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
remove ion
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
remove nap
remove syr
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bar support stp
bel support kie move ruh
bla support rum move bul
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move bel
con support rum move bul
den move hel
hel move kie
hol support bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nth support den move hel
nwy support nth
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
rom support tys move nap
rum move bul
ser support bul
ska support swe move den
smy move arm
stp hold
swe move den
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
arm move sev
bel support hol
bla support arm move sev
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con hold
den move kie
eng support bur move bel
gre move bul/sc
hel move hol
hol support bel
kie move bal
mar move spa
mun support ruh move kie
nap move ion
nth support hel move hol
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie hold
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser support rum
sev support rum
ska support nwy
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven hold
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ber
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
remove pie
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move nrg
bel support hol
ber support ruh move kie
bla convoy bul move sev
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul move sev via convoy
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move kie
eng support wes move mid
gre support rum move bul
hel support nth move hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
mun move sil
nap support ven move rom
nth move hol
nwy hold
por move mid
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move mos
ska support nwy
spa move por
stp support sev move mos
tri move adr
ukr support bud move rum
ven move rom
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: army/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move bul/sc
bel hold
ber move mun
bla move rum
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
den move kie
eng move nth
gal move war
gre move aeg
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move eas
kie support ber move mun
mid move por
mos support sev
nap support rom
nrg move nat
nwy support eng move nth
pic move bel
por hold
rom hold
rum move sev
ser support bul
sev support bla move rum
sil support ber move mun
ska support nwy
spa support mid move por
stp move lvn
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr support rum move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
kie move ber
rum move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
remove ruh
remove sil
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bud support ukr move rum
bul move con
bur support bel move ruh
eas support gre move aeg
gre move aeg
hel support kie
hol support kie
kie support bel move ruh
lon move den via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
lvp hold
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun support ber
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support ska move swe
por move mid
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support mos move ukr
ska move swe
spa move mar
stp move mos
tun move tys
tus move ven
ukr move rum
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
rum move bla
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move smy
ber support mun
bla support sev move rum
bud support rum
bul support con
bur move mun
con support eas move smy
den support kie
eas move smy
hel support kie
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
lvn support mos move war
lvp hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support ber
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
por move mid
rom move apu
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
sev move rum
smy move con
swe move bal
tun support gol move tys
tus move ven
ukr support sev move rum
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet mar
remove nat
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy con move smy
apu support tri move ven
bal support kie move ber
bla support sev move rum
bud move gal
bul support smy move con
con move smy via convoy
den move kie
hel hold
hol move nth
kie move ber
lvn move pru
lvp move yor
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move ven
por move mid
pru move war
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
rum support bud move gal
sev move rum
smy move con
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys support tus move rom
ukr support sev move rum
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
pru move sil
rum move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu support ven
bal support ber
ber hold
bla support rum
boh support mun
bud move ser
bul support gal move rum
gal move rum
hel support kie
ion support nap move tys
kie support ber
gol support tys
mid move wes
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy hold
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support nap move tys
sil support kie move mun
smy support con move ank
swe move bot
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support war move gal
ven support rom
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army lon
build Fleet sev
remove sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal hold
ber move sil
bla support rum
boh move vie
bot hold
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move ank
gal support boh move vie
hol move ruh
ion support nap move tys
kie move mun
lon move den via convoy
gol support tys
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy hold
pie move ven
rom move tus
rum support bud move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
smy support con move ank
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tys support tus
ukr support rum
ven support rom move tus
vie support bud
war support gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
arm support bla
bal hold
bla support rum
bot hold
bud hold
bul support con
con support ank
den move kie
gal move bud
hel hold
ion move tun
gol support tys
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support tyr move ven
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul
sil move boh
smy move arm
tri support ser
tun move ion
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support rum
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet/dislodged arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm disband
ven move apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal hold
bla support rum
boh move vie
bot hold
bud support ven move tri
bul move rum
con support ank move bla
gal support bud
hel hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
gol support tys
mar move bur
mun move boh
nap support rom move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy hold
pie support ven
rom move tys
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support bla
tri support ser
tun move ion
tyr support vie move tri
tys support tus move rom
ukr support sev
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wes support tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla disband
tri move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
arm support rum move sev
bal move lvn
ber move mun
bla support rum move sev
boh support vie
bot move stp/sc
bud support sev move rum
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
den move bel via convoy
gal support sev move rum
hel move hol
ion move tys
gol support tys
nap move tys
nth convoy den move bel
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
rom support nap move tys
rum move sev
ser support vie move bud
sev move rum
tun move ion
tus support ven move rom
tyr support vie
tys support ven move rom
ukr support sev move rum
ven move rom
vie support tyr
wes support tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support bul/ec
boh move gal
bud support gal move rum
bul/ec support bla
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
hol move hel
ion support rom move nap
lon move den via convoy
lvn move bal
lvp move edi
gol support tys
mar move bur
mun move sil
nap hold
nth convoy lon move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom move nap
rum move bla
ser support bul/ec
sev support rum move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr support vie
tys support rom move nap
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie support boh move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
nap move apu
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu hold
arm move sev
bal move pru
bla support bul/ec
bot support nwy move stp
bud support alb move tri
bul/ec support bla
bur move bel
den move kie
edi hold
gal move war
hel hold
ion convoy nap move gre
gol support tys
mid hold
nap support ven move apu
nth hold
nrg hold
nwy move stp
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum support sev move bla
ser support bud
sev move bla
sil support gal move war
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tyr support vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven move apu
vie support tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Italy: fleet/dislodged apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
ion move aeg
war move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support ven
arm move sev
bel support par move bur
bla support ser move rum
bot move lvn
bre hold
bud move vie
bul/ec move con
edi move lvp
hel move hol
ion move adr
kie move ruh
gol move tys
mid hold
mos hold
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth move eng
nrg move nat
par move bur
pru move bal
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil support war
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr support mos
vie move tyr
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
England: army/dislodged vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
vie move boh
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
apu move alb via convoy
arm move bul
bal move den
bel support bur
bla convoy arm move bul
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bur support bel
con move aeg
eng support hol move bel
gre support con move aeg
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move alb
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move bur
nat move mid
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bud
sil support war
stp move mos
tri support rum move bud
tyr move pie
tys support ion
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie hold
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
tri move ser
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support bul move gre
alb move tun via convoy
bel support wal move pic
bla support sev
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
bur move mar
den move nth
eng convoy wal move pic
gas move bre
gre move alb
ion convoy alb move tun
lvn hold
mid move bre
mos hold
mun support ruh move bur
pic support gas move bre
pie move ven
ruh move bur
ser support gre move alb
sev support mos
sil move gal
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tyr support pie move ven
tys move gol
ukr support vie move gal
ven support tri move tyr
vie move gal
wal move pic via convoy
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
England: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
pic move par
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg hold
alb support tri
bla support sev
bud move vie
bur move par
eng support mid move bre
gal support mos move war
gas support par move bre
gre hold
ion move tys
lvn move bot
gol move mar
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move bur
par move bre
pic support bur move par
pie move tyr
ser support tri
sev move mos
sil support tyr move boh
spa/sc move mid
stp support war move lvn
tri support bud move vie
tun move naf
tyr move boh
ukr support mos move war
ven support mar move pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bel move eng
boh support sil
bot move lvn
bud support gal
bur support par move gas
eng move bre
gal support vie move boh
gas move mid
gre move alb
lvn move pru
mid move spa/sc
mar move gol
mos support war
nth move nrg
par move gas
pic support eng move bre
pie move mar
ser move tri
sil support boh
spa/sc support gas move mid
stp support bot move lvn
tri move tyr
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
tyr move mun
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg hold
alb support tri
bla hold
boh move mun
bre support eng move mid
bud move ser
bur support boh move mun
eng move mid
gal move rum
gas move spa
ion move tys
lvn move bal
gol support mar
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
mun move ruh
nrg move bar
pic move bel
por support eng move mid
pru support sil
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mid move por
tri support tyr
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support gal move rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove naf
remove tyr
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move bot
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
bla move bul/ec
boh support tri move tyr
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bur support ruh move mun
gas move spa
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support spa/sc
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
mun move ber
pie support mar
por support bre move mid
pru support sil
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move bul
spa/sc support mar
tri move tyr
tys move wes
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support rum move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil
bla move sev
boh support vie move gal
bot move lvn
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bur move mar
eng support bre move mid
gal move war
gas move spa
ion move tun
iri move lvp
gol support spa/sc
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mos support war move lvn
mun support sil
nat support wes move mid
nrg hold
pie support mar
por support bre move mid
pru support sil
ruh support mun
ser move rum
sil support mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support bot move lvn
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove mar
remove pie
remove spa/sc
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh support vie move tyr
bot support pru move lvn
bud move rum
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal support war
gas support bur move mar
lvp move nat
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move wes
nat move cly
nap move ion
nrg move nat
por support mid move spa
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev move bla
sil support ber move pru
stp support pru move lvn
tri move adr
tun support gol move wes
tyr move pie
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bla support rum move sev
boh support gal move sil
bot support lvn
cly move edi
gal move sil
gas move bur
ion support tun
lvn support pru move war
lvp move cly
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar hold
mos support war
mun hold
naf support spa/sc move wes
nrg move edi
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move war
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sil move gal
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tun support wes
tyr move mun
tys support wes move tun
ukr support war
war support gal move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
wes move gol
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove cly
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove gol
build Fleet tri
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
ber move sil
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bot move bal
bud move gal
bur support mun
edi move nth
ion support tun
lon move eng
lvn support war
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
naf move tun
nrg move bar
pie move mar
pru support ber move sil
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp support mos
tri move adr
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support war
vie support bud move gal
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal support lvn
bar support stp
boh support tyr
bur support mun
con move aeg
eng hold
gal support war
ion support tun
iri move mid
lvn support war
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil
naf support tys move tun
nap move tys
nth move den
pie support tyr
pru support sil
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support mun
stp support mos
tun support nap move tys
tus move rom
tyr support pie
tys move tun
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support mos
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
