PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move ank
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul support gal move rum
bur move bel
con move ank
gal move rum
ion move tun
mid move por
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic support bur move bel
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support ank move arm
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
hol move hel
kie move hol
mar support par move bur
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nwy support edi move nth
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move arm
swe hold
tri move adr
tun move wes
ukr support arm move sev
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul support gre
bur move ruh
den hold
gre support bul
hel support kie move den
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move den
lon move yor
mar support pic move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
nth support den
nwy move ska
pic move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser hold
sev hold
swe move nwy
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove edi
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel support nth move hol
bla support sev
bre move mid
bul support gre
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den move swe
gre support bul
hel support hol
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support mun
gol support wes move spa
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy move swe
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev hold
ska support den move swe
smy move eas
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp move nwy
tri move vie
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support ser move tri
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
bel support ruh
bla support sev
bud support tri
bul hold
bur move mun
eas move ion
gre hold
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
nth move nwy
nwy move nrg
ruh support bur move mun
sev hold
ska support nth move nwy
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove hol
build Fleet lon
build Army par
remove stp
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bud support tri
bul move rum
edi move nrg
hel move hol
ion move tun
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nap move rom
nrg move edi
nwy move bar
par move pic
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move den
spa/sc move gol
swe move bot
tri support vie move tyr
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
bar support bot move stp
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla support sev
bot move stp/sc
bud move gal
den hold
edi move nrg
gre hold
hel move nth
ion move nap
kie support bel move hol
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
rom support ion move nap
rum support bud move gal
sev support rum
sil move ber
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wes move tun
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
tri move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
remove hel
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove mos
build Army par
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nwy
ber move pru
bla convoy con move sev
bud support vie move tri
con move sev via convoy
den move bal
edi move cly
gal move war
gre move bul
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
mar move gol
mun support kie move ber
nap support ion
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move edi
nwy move stp
par move bur
rom hold
rum move ukr
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp/sc move lvn
tri move ser
tun support tys
ukr hold
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla support rum
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur move mun
cly support nth move edi
den hold
ion support nap move tys
kie support ber
lvn move bal
gol move tus
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move edi
nwy move nth
pie support mun move tyr
rom support nap move tys
rum hold
ser move bud
sev support mos
stp hold
tri support bud move ser
tun support tys
tys support gol move tus
ven hold
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi disband
ser disband
tys move wes
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
remove pru
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
ber support kie
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
cly move nat
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion support tys
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nth move lon
pic support bre move eng
rom support tys
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev move mos
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support den move kie
bel move wal via convoy
ber support kie
bla support rum
bud move vie
bul support rum
den move kie
eng support bel move wal
gal move sil
ion support tys
lon move eng
lvn move stp
gol support pie
mid support eng
mos support lvn move stp
nat move mid
nth move hol
nwy support stp
pic move bel
rom support tys
ruh move hol
rum support ukr
stp hold
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
tys hold
ukr support mos
ven support tri move tyr
war move pru
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal move kie
bel move lon via convoy
ber support kie
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bul move rum
den support bal move kie
eng convoy bel move lon
ion support tys move tun
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvn support mos
mid support eng
mos support lvn
nat move mid
nth move hol
nwy support stp
pic support eng
pie move tyr
pru support sil move ber
rom support tys
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sil move ber
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
gal move sil
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvn support mos
mos support lvn
nat move mid
nwy support stp
pru support ber
rom move tus
rum hold
stp hold
tun support ion move tys
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
edi move nth
gal move sil
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
mid support eng
mos support lvn
mun move bur
nat move mid
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh support pic move bel
rum hold
sil move ber
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven support tyr move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support ruh move hol
ber hold
boh move mun
bur move par
den support kie
eng move mid
hol support kie
ion move tun
iri support lon move eng
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvn support mos
gol support mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos support lvn
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth move bel
nwy support stp
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move hol
rum hold
sil support ber
stp hold
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tus move gol
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support bre move eng
ber support sil
bre move eng
bur move mar
den support kie
eng support nat move mid
hol support nth move bel
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lvn hold
gol support wes move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos hold
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth move bel
nwy support stp
par support mun move bur
pie support bur move mar
pru move war
ruh support bel
rum hold
sil support ber
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri hold
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
mar move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber support sil
bre support gas
bur support mun move ruh
den support kie
eng support nth move bel
gas support bre
hol support nth move bel
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie hold
lvn support mos
gol move mar
mid hold
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
naf support wes move mid
nth move bel
nwy support stp
par support mar move gas
pie support gol move mar
por move mid
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
sil support ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tri hold
tys move wes
ven move tyr
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
mid move nat
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gas
build Army lon
remove pic
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support sil
bre support nat move mid
bur move pic
con move bul
den support kie
eng support nat move mid
hol support bel
ion hold
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lvn support mos
gol move tus
mid move por
mar move gas
mos support lvn
naf move mid
nat move mid
nwy support stp
par support bur move pic
pie move mar
por support nat move mid
ruh support tyr move mun
rum hold
sil support ber
spa/sc support mid move por
stp hold
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys hold
vie move tyr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support lon move pic
ber support sil
bre support lon move pic
bul move gre
den support kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gas support pic move bre
hol support kie
ion hold
iri support mid
kie hold
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support mos
mid support bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun move kie
naf move mid
nwy support stp
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por support naf move mid
ruh move bel
rum hold
sil support ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil
bre move pic
bur support bre move pic
den support kie
eng move bre
gas support mid move bre
hol support kie
ion hold
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lvn support mos
mid move bre
mos support lvn
mun move kie
nat move mid
nwy support stp
par support bre move pic
pic support eng move bre
por move mid
ruh move bel
sil support ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por move mid
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys hold
vie move tri
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel support eng
ber support sil
bre move eng
bur support pic move bel
den support kie
eng support nat move mid
gas support mid move bre
gre hold
hol support kie
ion hold
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lvn support mos
mid support bre move eng
mos support lvn
mun move kie
nat move mid
nwy support stp
par support bre move pic
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum hold
sil support ber
spa/sc support mid
stp hold
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven move tyr
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bre move pic
bur support bel
den support kie
eng move bre
gas support mid move bre
gre hold
hol support kie
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie hold
lvn support mos
mid move bre
mos support lvn
mun move kie
nat move mid
nth move bel
nwy support stp
par support bre move pic
ruh support mun move kie
rum hold
sil support ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support ruh move hol
ber support sil
bre support pic move eng
bur support bel
eng move bel
gre hold
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
kie support ruh move hol
lvn support mos
mos support lvn
mun support kie
nat move mid
nwy support stp
par support gas
pic move eng
por support wes move mid
ruh move hol
rum hold
sil support ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support sil
bre move eng
den move swe
eng move lon
hol support bel
iri move wal
kie move den
lvn support mos
mid move bre
mos support lvn
mun move kie
nat move cly
nwy move nrg
por move mid
sil support ber
spa/sc support por move mid
stp move fin
tyr move mun
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support sil
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur support gas
den move swe
eng move nth
gre hold
hel support nth move hol
hol move edi via convoy
ion hold
kie move den
lon support eng move nth
lvn support mos
mid move iri
mos support lvn
mun move kie
nth move hol
rum hold
sil support ber
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tys hold
vie move boh
wes hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army con
remove fin
remove hel
remove hol
remove nrg
remove nwy
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber support sil
con hold
den move swe
eng move nth
gre hold
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon support eng move nth
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mos support lvn move stp
nth move edi
ruh move hol
rum hold
sil support ber
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support sil
boh move sil
bur move mar
den hold
gal move ukr
gas support par move bre
hel move nth
hol support bel
kie support mun move ber
mos support stp
mun move ber
par move bre
sil support ber
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tus move rom
tyr move tri
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Turkey: army/dislodged ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bre move eng
sil move mun
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
remove hel
remove nwy
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support hol
ber support kie move mun
bre hold
bud move ser
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gas support mar move spa
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move nwy
pru move ber
rom hold
rum support gre move ser
sil move pru
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tys support ion
ukr move sev
vie move bud
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army/dislodged pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pru move lvn
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber move mun
bre support gas
bud support ukr move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
eng support mid move bre
gas support spa
gre support bul move ser
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie support ber move mun
lvn support stp move mos
mid move bre
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pru support war
rom move tys
rum move bud
spa support gas
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tys support nap move rom
ukr move rum
vie move tyr
war support pru
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army/dislodged bre
Turkey: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: fleet/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move par
mun move ruh
rom move tus
rum move gal
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bre move gas
bud support rum move ser
bul support sev move rum
den hold
edi move nrg
eng move bel
gal support mos move war
gas move bur
gre move alb
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie move ruh
lvn support mos move war
mid support por move spa
mos move war
mun support kie move ruh
nth support eng move bel
nrg move nat
par move bre
por move spa/nc
pru support war
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move rum
spa hold
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tus move gol
tyr move ven
tys support rom move tus
war support pru
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army/dislodged bel
Turkey: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army/dislodged spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ser move tri
spa move mar
war move ukr
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb support bul move ser
bel hold
bre support pic
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur support ruh move bel
den hold
gal support rum
gas support spa/nc
hol support ruh move bel
lvn support war
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/nc
mar support gol move spa
mun move tyr
nat move lvp
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pic support bre
pru move war
ruh move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
tri move ven
tus move rom
tys move wes
ukr support pru move war
ven move rom
vie support ser move tri
war hold
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Austria: army/dislodged nwy
Turkey: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
nwy move stp
ven move apu
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
