PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
ion convoy nap move gre
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move gre via convoy
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
ser support alb move gre
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move tri
war move sil
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move hol
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
gre move bul/sc
ion move tun
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move gol
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ser support bud move rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
spa move mar
swe hold
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber hold
bla support bul move rum
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
gre support ser move bul
kie move hel
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support ber
nap move apu
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru move ber
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
swe hold
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move mun
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move aeg
hol support den move kie
lon hold
mar move pie
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move tyr
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev hold
sil move war
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tun support rom move tys
tys support wes move tun
ukr support sev
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
apu support ven
arm move smy
bla support con
bud move vie
bul move con
den move bal
fin support nwy move stp
gal move ukr
hol move ruh
kie hold
mun move tyr
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pie support tyr move ven
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev hold
stp/nc move bar
tun support rom move tys
tyr move ven
tys support wes move tun
ukr support sev
war support ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu support ven
bal support kie move ber
bar move nrg
bla move bul/ec
bud move vie
bul support aeg move con
fin move stp
gal move ukr
hol move ruh
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
mar support tyr move pie
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move den
pie move tus
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev hold
smy support con
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys support pie move tus
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war hold
wes support tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bal convoy den move lvn
ber hold
bla support con move bul
boh support vie move tyr
con move bul
den move lvn via convoy
edi move den via convoy
fin move swe
mar move gol
mun support tyr
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nat
pie move ven
rom move tys
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
stp move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tun support rom move tys
tus support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys support wes move tun
ukr move sev
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
tyr move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
apu move ven
bal convoy swe move pru
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul move con
con hold
den move kie
edi move den
lvn move mos
gol convoy mar move naf
mar move naf via convoy
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move den
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sev move arm
smy support con
stp support lvn move mos
swe move pru via convoy
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
war support mos
wes convoy mar move naf
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
apu support nap move rom
arm move ank
bal move den
bla move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bud move rum
bul move con
con move ank
den move kie
kie move hol
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mid move spa/sc
mos support war
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth move bel
pie support ven
pru move war
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sil support pru move war
smy support con
stp support lvn move mos
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move mun
tys support naf move tun
ven support rom
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos disband
mun move ber
tun move ion
war disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move rom
arm move ank
ber move mun
bla move bul/ec
bud move gal
con support arm move ank
den support kie
edi move cly
hol support kie
kie support sil move ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh support ber move mun
rum move sev
sil move ber
smy move ank
spa/sc move mar
stp move lvn
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support aeg move smy
apu move rom
bel hold
ber hold
boh support vie move tyr
bul/ec move con
cly move nat
con support aeg move smy
den move bal
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move war
hol move ruh
kie support hol move ruh
lvn move war
mar move spa/sc
mos support lvn move war
mun hold
nap move ion
pru support ber
rom hold
ruh support mun
sil support gal move war
smy support bul/ec move con
spa/sc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tus support rom
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move bur
smy move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu move nap
bal support ber
ber support kie move mun
boh move mun
bre move par
bud move rum
bul/ec move rum
bur move par
con move bul
eng support nat move mid
gal move war
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvn support pru move war
lvp move iri
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support ven move tyr
nat move mid
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move nap
ruh move bur
sil support gal move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri move ven
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
apu move nap
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre move par
bud move vie
bul/ec hold
bur move par
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
eng support iri move mid
gal support sil move war
iri move mid
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nth convoy edi move den
pru support lvn move war
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc move por
tyr support boh move mun
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move rum
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move pru
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre support bel move pic
bul move rum
bur move pic
den move kie
eng support mid
gal support bul move rum
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support pru move war
mid hold
mar move gas
mos support rum move sev
mun hold
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bre
por move mid
pru move war
rom move nap
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
spa/sc support por move mid
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move apu
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel support bre move pic
ber support mun
bre move pic
bur move bel
eng support mid
gas move bre
kie support mun
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support war
mid hold
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy lon move hol
par support gas move bre
pie move ven
por move mid
rom move nap
ruh move bur
sev hold
spa/sc support por move mid
tun hold
war support mun move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber move sil
boh support vie move tyr
bre support par move pic
bur move par
con move bul
eng support mid
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie support mun
lvn support war
mid hold
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move nrg
par move pic
pic support bur move par
pie move ven
por move mid
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
spa/sc support por move mid
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army/dislodged pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
pic move bel
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move rom
arm support rum move sev
bel move pic
boh support tyr move mun
bre support bur move par
bul move rum
bur move par
eng support mid
gal move ukr
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lvn move mos
mid hold
mun hold
nap support adr move ion
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
par move bre
pic move par
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru move bal
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev hold
sil support war move gal
spa/sc move por
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
par move gas
sev disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove spa/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
bal move den
bel move pic
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bur move par
eng support gas move bre
gal hold
gas move bre
ion move tun
kie support mun
mid move wes
mar support por move spa
mos support ukr
mun hold
nat move mid
nap move rom
nrg move nat
par support bre move gas
pic move bre
por move spa/nc
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support gal
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr support gal
ven support nap move rom
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
bel move pic
boh support tyr move mun
bre support bur move par
bud support vie move gal
bur move par
con hold
den move nth
eng support bre
gal move rum
kie support mun
mid move por
mar support pic move bur
mos move sev
mun hold
nat move mid
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
rom move nap
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support mun
smy move con
spa/nc move por
tyr move mun
ukr support mos move sev
ven move rom
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
par move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove gas
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bud move ser
bur move ruh
eng support nat move mid
gal support rum move ukr
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos support ukr
mun support sil
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
rom move tys
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support mun
smy move con
tri move adr
tun support rom move tys
tyr move mun
ukr hold
ven move pie
vie move tri
war support ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support smy move con
bel support par move bur
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mar
eng move nth
gal support rum move ukr
gas support bur move mar
iri move mid
kie support mun
gol support wes move spa
mid support wes move spa
mos support ukr
mun support sil
nth move hol
par move bur
pie support mar
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support rum move ukr
sil support mun
smy move con
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr hold
war support ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
England: fleet/dislodged con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
England: fleet ank
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
