PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
eng support yor move bel
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
par move bre
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tus move ven
tyr move vie
war move gal
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support smy move arm
bel hold
ber hold
bre support par move pic
bud move vie
bul support alb move gre
con move bul
eng move nth
gal support bud move vie
hol support kie move hel
ion move adr
kie move hel
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move mid
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev support rum move bla
smy move arm
spa move gas
swe move ska
ven move tri
vie hold
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank support con
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support ruh move mun
bla support bul move con
bul move con
con support ank
eng support bel
gal move sil
gas move mar
hel support den
hol move bel
ion move tys
lon move yor
gol move tys
mid move iri
nth support swe move den
pic support ruh move bel
pru move ber
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sev move arm
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support con
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support sev move arm
bre support pic
bud move tri
bul move con
den move kie
eng move mid
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie support hol
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mun support ber
nth move hel
pic support hol move bel
pru support sil move ber
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
sil move ber
ska move nth
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet arm
England: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel move ruh
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank support con
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla support arm move ank
bre move lon via convoy
bul move con
con support ank
den support hel move kie
eng convoy bre move lon
gre move alb
hel move kie
kie support ber
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mid move por
mun support kie
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pru move ber
ruh move hol
ser support tri
sil support pru move ber
smy support ank
tri support gre move alb
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move ven
vie support tri
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
remove por
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank support con
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bud move vie
bul move con
con support ank
den support ber move kie
edi move yor
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move yor
mar move spa/sc
mun support kie move ber
nth support edi move yor
pic move bur
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
ser move gre
sil move mun
smy support con
stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move wes
tys move nap
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
England: army/dislodged yor
ORDERS
kie move ruh
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
ber move kie
bla move ank
bul support ank move con
bur move mar
con move ank
den support kie
eng move nth
hel support nth move hol
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon move yor
lvp move wal
nap hold
nth move bel
nwy move nth
rom support tri move ven
ruh move bel
ser move rum
sil support tyr move mun
smy support con move ank
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
remove gol
build Army par
remove pie
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
bel support hol
bla support bul move con
bud hold
bul move con
con move ank
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol support bel
kie move ruh
mar move bur
mun support vie move boh
nth move lon
nwy move nth
par move pic
ruh move bur
rum hold
sil move ber
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move por
tri move adr
tyr support mun
tys move ion
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
ank support smy move con
arm move ank
bel support hol
ber hold
bla support arm move ank
boh support mun
bud move ser
con support aeg move smy
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng move lon
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move gre
kie support ruh move hol
mar move bur
mun support ruh
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pic support mar move bur
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum move bul
smy move con
tyr support mun
wal move lon
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
smy move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
remove hel
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
remove wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla hold
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move lon via convoy
eng support pic move bel
gre hold
hol support bel
ion support smy move aeg
kie move hol
lvp move yor
nap move apu
nth convoy den move lon
nrg move edi
pic move bel
pru move sil
ruh support kie move hol
ser support bul move gre
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
tus move pie
tyr support mun
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ion
ank hold
apu move nap
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
den hold
edi move yor
eng move nth
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvp support edi move yor
mun hold
nth support hol move bel
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh support hol move bel
ser move rum
sil move ber
tyr support ven
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army/dislodged yor
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove hel
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bla move sev
bre move mid
bul support con
bur support bel
den hold
eng support lon
gal support vie move boh
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie support ruh
lon support eng move wal
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mun support vie move boh
nap move tys
nth hold
nrg move nat
par move bre
ruh hold
rum support gal
sil hold
tri move vie
tyr support mun
vie move boh
war hold
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
