PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
eng support yor move bel
hol hold
ion move tun
mid move bre
nth convoy yor move bel
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support sil move mun
rum hold
ser move bul
sil move mun
spa move por
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber support bur move mun
bla support rum
bre move pic
bud move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
eng move mid
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move den
por move spa
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser support gre move bul/sc
sev move arm
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri hold
tun move wes
tus support ven move pie
ven move pie
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move smy
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move ank
bot move bal
bul/sc move gre
bud move rum
con support rum move bul
kie move mun
gol move mar
mid move por
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support kie move mun
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
spa move mar
swe move ska
tri hold
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr support bud move rum
vie move tyr
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move bla
arm move syr
bal move den
bel move nth
bur move bel
con move smy
gre support rum move bul
kie move hol
gol convoy tus move spa
mar support spa
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
por hold
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
ska move nwy
spa support mar
tri move alb
tus move spa
tyr hold
vie support tyr
war move sil
wes support tus move spa
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
bul move con
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy
alb move ion
arm support syr move smy
bla move ank
bul hold
con support smy
edi hold
eng move bre
gre support bul
kie support mun
lon hold
gol support pie move mar
mun hold
nth hold
pie move mar
por move mid
ser move rum
sil move mun
smy hold
syr move smy
tyr support sil move mun
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm support syr move smy
bel move pic
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support rum
con support smy
den support hol move kie
edi move lvp
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie support mun
lon hold
mar move gas
mun hold
nth hold
pic move eng
por move mid
rom move tus
rum hold
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy hold
spa move por
syr move smy
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move arm
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla support arm move ank
bre move eng
bul move con
con support smy move ank
den hold
eas move smy
gas move par
kie support sil move mun
lvp move yor
gol convoy tus move spa
nth convoy lon move bel
pic hold
pie move mar
por move mid
sil move mun
smy move ank
spa move gas
syr support eas move smy
tus move spa
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move sev
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
smy move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support syr move smy
bla support sev move rum
bud move gal
con move bul
eng move bel
gas move bre
hol support pic move bel
kie support sil move ber
gol move wes
mar move bur
mun support sil move ber
nth convoy yor move bel
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
por move mid
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move con
spa move por
syr move smy
tri move vie
tyr support ber move mun
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support bla move con
bel support hol
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support bur move mun
bre hold
bul support gal move rum
bur move mun
con move smy
gal move rum
hol hold
kie support mun
mid move eng
naf move mid
nth support mid move eng
par move bur
pie move ven
por hold
pru move ber
rum move ser
smy support bla move con
tyr support bur move mun
vie move bud
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move iri
mun move ruh
smy move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove iri
build Army mos
build Army nap
remove pru
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel support hol
ber support ruh move mun
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
bur support mun move ruh
con support ser move bul
eng move bel
hol support bel
kie support ruh move mun
lon hold
mid convoy por move bre
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth support eng move bel
por move bre
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy support aeg move con
tyr hold
ven move pie
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
bel support hol
ber support mun
bre hold
bur move ruh
con support ser move bul
eng move bel
gal move war
hol support bel
kie support mun
lon hold
mun hold
nth support eng move bel
pic move bur
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
smy hold
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support hol
ber support war move sil
boh support tyr
bre move pic
bud support tri move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
eng support lon move bel
gal support rum move bud
hol support bel
ion convoy nap move alb
kie move ruh
lon move bel
mid move bre
mos move ukr
mun support war move sil
nap move alb
nth support lon move bel
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
sev move bla
sil support bur move mun
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tyr hold
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army/dislodged sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri move ser
bel support hol
ber support sil move pru
bud support gal move vie
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
eng support lon move bel
gal move vie
hol support bel
ion move gre
kie move ruh
lon move bel
lvn move war
mun support kie move ruh
nth support lon move bel
pic move bel
pru move war
ruh move hol
ser support aeg move gre
sil move pru
smy move con
tri move ser
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move rum
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support nap move gre
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
eng support lon move bel
gal move bud
hol support bel
ion convoy nap move gre
lon move bel
lvn move war
mun support ruh move bur
nap move gre
nth support lon move bel
pic move bel
pru move sil
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move bla
tri move bud
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bel support hol
bla move con
bud support tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng move bel
gal move vie
gre hold
hol support bel
ion move aeg
lon hold
mun support vie move tyr
nth support eng move bel
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rom move apu
rum support ser
ser support aeg move gre
sil move boh
tri support vie move tyr
ven support alb move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
