PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move swe
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
gal move boh
kie move den
lvn move swe
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pie hold
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa hold
tys move tun
ven hold
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den move swe
bel support lon move eng
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot convoy lvn move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move gre
den move swe
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn move swe
nap move tys
par move bur
pie hold
por move mid
ser move bul
smy move eas
spa move gas
tri move alb
tun move wes
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ion
bal support swe
bel support nth move eng
boh move sil
bre move mid
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support aeg move bul/sc
eas move aeg
eng move pic
gas move bur
gre support alb move ion
kie move mun
lvn move stp
mid move nat
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
pie hold
ser support bul
swe hold
tys move gol
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove nat
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bot move lvn
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move par
con move bul
eas move ion
eng support pic move bre
gre support ion move aeg
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie support hol move ruh
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mun support hol move ruh
nap move tys
nwy move nth
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser move rum
sil move ber
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe move fin
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
mar move gas
pru move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bal support kie move ber
bel support nth move hol
ber hold
bla move ank
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move mar
con hold
eng support bre
fin move stp
gas move bre
gre support aeg
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lvn move stp/sc
gol support mar
mar hold
mun support kie move ber
nth move hol
par support gas move bre
por move mid
pru support kie move ber
rum move sev
sil support ber
smy support con
spa/sc hold
tri move ser
tys move wes
ven move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
remove ion
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mid
build Fleet nap
remove pru
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal support ber move pru
bel support lon move pic
ber move pru
bre support lon move pic
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move gas
con hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move aeg
hol move nth
lon move pic
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap move ion
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy support con
spa/sc move por
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank move bla
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber support mun move sil
bre support pic
bul move gre
bur move pic
eas move smy
eng convoy wal move den
fin move nwy
gal support ukr move war
ion move adr
iri move nat
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mos support ukr move war
mun move sil
nth convoy wal move den
par support bur move pic
pie move mar
por support mid
pru move war
rum move bul
sil move war
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tys move ion
ukr move war
wal move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move boh
smy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
remove bur
remove lvn
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg hold
ber move kie
bla move sev
bot support nwy move stp
bud support tri
bul move con
con move ank
den move kie
eng move nth
gal support war
gas support mar move bur
gre hold
hol support den move kie
ion hold
mid support gas
mar move bur
mos hold
nat move nrg
nth move den
nwy move stp
par hold
pic move bel
por support mid
pru move lvn
sil move mun
smy support bul move con
stp move lvn
tri hold
tyr move mun
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move con
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bud support tri
bur support gas move par
con move smy
den move bal
gal move sil
gas move par
gre move bul
hol move nth
ion move eas
mid move wes
mos support war
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
par hold
por move mid
pru move lvn
sev hold
smy move aeg
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven hold
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par disband
sil move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pru
build Army rom
remove stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg support smy move eas
ank support eas move smy
bal support kie move ber
ber hold
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move ank
eas move smy
kie move ber
lvn move war
lvp move iri
mid hold
mos support war move lvn
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh hold
sil move ber
smy move eas
tri hold
ven move alb
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber disband
eas move ion
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move gre
alb support ion move gre
boh move mun
bot hold
bud move ser
bur move bel
con move ank
eas move ion
ion move gre
lvn move stp
mid hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
par move bre
rum move sev
sev move bla
sil support mun move ber
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ven hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb support gre
bal move pru
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
con support ser move bul
eas move ion
gre support alb
iri move nat
lon move hol
mid support bre
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
rom move tus
ruh move kie
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
stp hold
swe move bal
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support nap move ion
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg support bul move gre
alb support gre
ank move arm
arm move ank
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh move sil
bre hold
bul move gre
con support arm move ank
eas move ion
eng support nth move bel
gre hold
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun support kie
nat move nrg
nap move apu
nth move bel
pru support bal move ber
ruh move hol
ser move alb
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys hold
ven hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Italy: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ion
aeg move ion
alb hold
ank move smy
apu move ion
bar support nrg move nwy
bel support lon move pic
ber support ruh move kie
bre hold
bud move vie
bur move par
con support ank move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move alb
ion move adr
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move pic
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
ser support gre move alb
sil move ber
smy move arm
tri support ion move adr
tus support ven
tyr move pie
tys support apu move ion
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ber move bal
nwy move swe
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
apu support ven
arm move sev
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
bre hold
con move smy
den hold
eng support pic move bre
ion move adr
kie support bal move ber
lvn support bar move stp/nc
lvp hold
mun support ber
nwy support bar move stp/nc
par support bre
pic move bre
pie support tri move ven
ser move rum
smy move arm
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ion
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nth
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
apu move adr
arm move sev
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move gal
den support mun move kie
gre hold
ion move aeg
lvp move cly
mun move kie
nap move ion
nwy move stp
par support bre
pie move mar
rom support ven
rum support arm move sev
sev move mos
smy move arm
swe move nwy
tri support adr
tus move pie
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support gre
apu support ven
arm move smy
ber support mun move kie
bre hold
cly move edi
den support mun move kie
gal move war
ion move eas
kie move hol
mar support tyr move pie
mun move kie
nwy move swe
par support bre
rom support ven
rum move sev
sev move mos
stp support sev move mos
tri support adr
tus support ven
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
