PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support lvp move bel
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
ion convoy nap move gre
mid move por
mar hold
nap move gre via convoy
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic support edi move bel
pie move ven
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
sil move gal
tri move ven
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move rum
gre support bul move ser
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move den
lon move nth
mun hold
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support ruh move bel
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
ruh support hol move bel
ser support tri move alb
sev support gal move rum
ska support nwy move swe
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
tri move alb
ukr support gal move rum
ven support gre
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move gre
bal move ber
bar move nwy
bel hold
bla hold
bul support con move gre
den hold
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
gre move alb
mar move spa
mun hold
nth move lon
nwy move bar
pic move wal via convoy
ruh move bur
rum support sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
ska support swe
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tyr move tri
ukr move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bar move nrg
bel support eng move lon
ber move bal
bla move ank
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
den support swe
eng support bel move nth
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
kie move ber
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mun support kie move ber
nap support adr move ion
nwy support ska move swe
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska move nth
spa move tun via convoy
stp/sc move bot
swe move fin
tri hold
ukr move war
ven support tri
wal move yor
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bal move swe
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun move sil
bot support bal move swe
bul support aeg move gre
den move swe
eng support yor move lon
fin move stp
gal move war
gre hold
ion support aeg move gre
lon hold
gol move tys
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh move hol
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
sev support rum
tri hold
tun hold
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
wal support lon
wes support gol move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
gre disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move cly
eng support bel move nth
gal move war
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move tys
lon hold
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move rom
nrg move nwy
nwy support den move swe
rum move bud
ser support vie move tri
sil move war
smy support gre move ion
stp support nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move bud
tun hold
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal support lon
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
tri move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla hold
bul move ser
cly move lvp
den move edi via convoy
eng move lon
gal move rum
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
lon support nth move eng
gol support wes move tys
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
nap hold
nth convoy den move edi
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
pru support sil move war
rom move nap
rum support bul move ser
ser move alb
sil move war
smy move aeg
swe support nrg move nwy
tri hold
tun hold
ukr move war
ven move tri
wal support lon
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gre move bul/sc
nwy move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove rom
remove stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bel move edi via convoy
bla convoy con move sev
bre move mid
con hold
den move swe
eng support bel move lon
gal move rum
gre move ser
ion move eas
lon hold
lvp hold
gol move tys
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy bel move edi
nwy support swe
pru support sil move war
rum support con move sev
ser support aeg move gre
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
ska move nth
swe support nwy
tri support alb move ser
tun hold
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven hold
wal support lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
rum disband
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move edi via convoy
bla move sev
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
den move swe
eas move smy
eng support bel move lon
gre move bul
ion support gre
lon move yor
lvp hold
mid move iri
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth convoy bel move edi
nwy support ska move nth
pru support sil move war
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move bla
sil move war
swe support nwy
tri support ser
tun move rom via convoy
tys convoy tun move rom
ukr move war
ven move tri
wal support lon move yor
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support rom move ven
ber move bal
bla hold
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
eng move iri
ion move eas
iri move nat
lvp hold
mar move gol
mos support ukr move war
nth support edi
nwy support ska move nth
pru support sil move war
rom move ven
rum support bud move gal
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil move war
ska move nth
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tys move ion
ukr move war
vie support tri move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hol
ven move adr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu support ven
bal move lvn
bla convoy con move sev
boh move mun
con move sev via convoy
den move swe
eas move aeg
edi move lvp
eng support hol move nth
gal support vie move boh
gre move ser
ion support gre
iri move lvp
lon support nth move eng
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mos move stp
nat support iri move lvp
nth move eng
nwy support swe
pru support sil move war
rum move ser
sev move bla
sil move war
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
eng move mid
lvp move wal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
remove eng
build Army mar
build Army mun
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu support ven
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bul/sc move con
con move bul
den move swe
eas support ion move aeg
edi move yor
gal move ukr
gre move ser
hol move nth
ion move aeg
lon move wal
lvn move stp/sc
lvp move wal
mid support bre move eng
mar move pie
mun support sil
nat move nrg
nwy move nth
pru move war
rum move ser
sev move bla
sil support mun
stp support ukr move mos
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support mar move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move adr
bla convoy con move sev
boh support gal move sil
bul/sc move aeg
den move swe
eas move smy
eng support yor move lon
gal move sil
gre move ser
hol move nth
ion support aeg move gre
lon hold
lvn move bal
lvp move wal
mid move nat
mun support sil
nrg support hol move nth
nwy move nth
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rum move ser
sev support con move rum
sil support mun
smy support bul/sc move aeg
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven support pie
war move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gre
France: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move bul
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bal convoy ber move swe
ber move swe via convoy
bla hold
boh move mun
bul move ser
con hold
den support ber move swe
eas move smy
eng move mid
gal support rum move ukr
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move pie
mun support sil
nat move nrg
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
sil support mun
smy hold
stp move lvn
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven move tri
wal move lvp
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
tri move ser
ukr move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support gre move bul
bal convoy den move lvn
bar support nrg move nwy
bla move rum
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul move ser
den move lvn via convoy
eas move smy
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
lon move nwy via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos move war
mun support tyr
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
pie move ven
pru support war
sev support bla move rum
sil support war
swe support lon move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven move rom
war support sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bot
build Army mar
build Army par
remove ska
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank move con
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
con move bul
eas move smy
lon move den via convoy
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support bar move stp
par move gas
pru move war
rom move nap
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
sil move boh
smy move aeg
stp support nwy move swe
swe move fin
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ukr support bud move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
boh move vie
bot convoy fin move lvn
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
con move bul
den move kie
eas support aeg move smy
fin move lvn via convoy
gal support boh move vie
gas move mar
ion support tys move nap
lvn move mos
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nwy support stp/nc
pie move tyr
rum hold
ser support tri
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp/nc support nwy
tri support ser
tys move nap
ukr support bud move rum
ven move rom
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army/dislodged nap
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
smy disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu move rom
ber move sil
bot hold
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul/sc support smy move con
con move bul
eas move smy
gal support vie move bud
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth hold
nwy support stp/nc
par move bur
pie move tus
ser move rum
sev hold
smy move con
stp/nc support nwy
tri support vie move bud
ven support tri
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move smy
ber move sil
bud support gal move rum
bul/sc support con
con hold
eas move smy
gal move rum
mos move sev
nap support tus move rom
nwy support stp/nc
pie support ven
rom hold
rum move bla
ser support bul/sc
sev support rum
sil move boh
stp/nc support nwy
tri support ser
tus move rom
tyr support sil move boh
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
sev disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
