PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bre move gas
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bot move lvn
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
eng move bre
gas move spa/nc
ion move tun
lvn move swe
mun hold
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum hold
ser hold
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tyr
yor move hol
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
bot support lvn move swe
bre hold
bud move tri
bur support bel
con move bul
edi move nwy
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move swe via convoy
mun support ven move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
rom move ven
rum support con move bul
ser move tri
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/nc hold
swe hold
tri move bud
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel hold
bla support rum move bul
bot move bal
bre move pic
bul move gre
bur support bel
den hold
eng support hol move bel
hol move bel
ion support bul move gre
lvn move war
mun hold
nth support hol move bel
nwy hold
pic support bel
pru move war
rum move bul
sev move rum
spa/nc move por
swe hold
tri support vie move bud
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy rom move smy
bal support lvn move swe
bel hold
ber hold
bla convoy con move sev
bre support lon move pic
bud hold
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move sev via convoy
den move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gre support bul move ser
ion move tys
lon move pic
lvn move swe via convoy
lvp move iri
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth move hol
nwy hold
pic move bel
por move mid
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh support pic move bel
rum support bul move ser
smy move arm
swe hold
tri support vie
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support tys move ion
arm move bul via convoy
bel support ruh move hol
ber hold
bla convoy arm move bul
bre support iri move mid
bud move rum
bur move par
eng support hol move bel
gre support ser
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lvn move war
mid move nat
mun support kie move ruh
nwy move stp
pic move par
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move gal
ser support tri
sev support rum
swe hold
tri support vie move bud
ukr support bud move rum
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove gal
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support tys move ion
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur move pic
eng convoy lon move bre
gre support ser
hol hold
kie move mun
lon move bre
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nat hold
par support bur move pic
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh support bel move hol
rum move gal
sev move ukr
smy move eas
stp support war move mos
swe move ska
tri support bud
tus move pie
tys support gol
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army/dislodged pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
pic move bel
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support tys move ion
bel move pic
bla move rum
bre support bel move pic
bud support ven move tri
eas support tys move ion
eng move mid
gal move war
gre support ser
hol hold
kie move ruh
gol support mar move spa
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos hold
mun support ruh move bur
nat move lvp
par hold
pic move bur
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
ska move swe
spa/sc hold
stp support mos
tri move vie
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre move par
bud move vie
bur move gas
eas move aeg
edi move yor
gal move war
gre move ser
hol move nth
ion support rom move tys
lvp hold
gol support mar move spa
mid support por move spa
mar move spa
mos hold
par move bre
pic support bre move par
pie hold
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser move rum
sev move mos
spa/sc move por
stp support mos
tri support vie move tyr
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tyr
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bul/ec move con
bur move mar
gas support bur move mar
ion hold
lvp hold
gol support mar
mid move naf
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
nth move eng
par support bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move war
rum move gal
sev support war move mos
sil support pru move war
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp support mos
swe move bal
tri support pie move tyr
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ukr support war move mos
vie move bud
war move mos
wes move gol
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move pie
mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move pru
bel move bur
bud move vie
con move bla
eas move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gal support ukr move war
gas move mar
gre move aeg
ion support tun
lon move nth
lvn move mos
lvp move cly
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
naf move tun
par hold
pie support tri move tyr
sev support mos
sil support war
spa/sc move gol
stp support lvn move mos
tri move tyr
tun support gol move wes
tyr move boh
ukr move war
war hold
wes move tys
yor support edi move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla convoy con move rum
boh move sil
bur support mun
cly move edi
con move rum via convoy
eas move ion
gal move war
gre support eas move ion
ion move tys
lvp hold
gol support mar move pie
mid move spa/sc
mos support gal move war
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nth hold
par hold
pie move mar
ser hold
sev support mos
sil move boh
stp support lvn move mos
tri move tyr
tun support ion move tys
tys move rom
ukr support gal move war
vie support tri move tyr
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move gal
bur hold
edi move hol via convoy
gas move mar
gre move ion
ion move apu
lon move eng
lvn support sil move war
lvp move wal
gol support mar move pie
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move hol
pie move tus
rom hold
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp support lvn move mos
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support rum move gal
vie move boh
war move pru
wes support tun move naf
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet/dislodged naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
boh move sil
bud move rum
bur hold
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move war
hol hold
ion move nap
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move gas
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom hold
sev support mos
spa/sc move wes
stp support lvn move mos
tus support tys move rom
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr support gal move war
vie move tyr
wal move bel via convoy
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove mar
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bel move ruh
ber support war move sil
bla convoy con move rum
bur support mun
con move rum via convoy
eng move mid
gas move spa
hol move kie
ion support rom move tys
lvn support pru move war
mid move naf
mos move war
mun support sil move ber
nth hold
nwy support stp
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom move tys
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp move mos
tys move tun
ukr support mos move war
war move sil
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ber hold
bur move mun
gal move war
ion support tun
kie move hol
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos support gal move war
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nap move apu
nth hold
pie support mun move tyr
pru support lvn move war
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move pru
stp move mos
ukr support gal move war
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ion
ber support pru move sil
bur move mun
gal support war
hol hold
ion support tun
lvn move pru
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth hold
nwy support stp
pie support tyr move ven
pru move sil
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa hold
stp move mos
tyr move ven
ukr support sev move mos
war support sil move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
ber support mun move sil
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion move nap
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mun move sil
naf move tun
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie move tus
pru support mun move sil
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move pru
spa move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tyr support ven
tys move rom
ukr support war
ven hold
war support sil move pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
