PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap hold
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move lvn
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move bel
gas move spa/nc
kie move hol
lvn move bot
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move mun
ser hold
sev move rum
spa move por
tri move alb
tus hold
tyr hold
ukr support sev move rum
vie hold
war move sil
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bar hold
bel support mar move bur
ber move sil
bot move bal
den move swe
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun support ber move sil
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move spa
rum hold
ser move bul
sil support tyr move mun
spa/nc move mid
stp/nc hold
tri move ser
tus move ven
tyr hold
ukr support rum
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
bel support bur
bre hold
bur support bel
den move swe
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support hol
lon move nth
mid hold
mun support kie
nth move ska
nwy move stp
pic hold
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
sil move ber
spa move mar
stp/nc hold
tri support vie
ukr move rum
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
bar move nwy
bel support mar move bur
ber move pru
bla convoy rum move arm
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur move gas
den move kie
gre move aeg
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun move sil
nth convoy lon move hol
pic support bel
rum move arm via convoy
ser move gre
ska move swe
stp move mos
tri support vie
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bal move kie
bel support pic
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bur move gas
gas move lvp via convoy
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
iri convoy gas move lvp
kie move den
lon move wal
mid convoy gas move lvp
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
pic support bel
pru move war
ser move bul
sil support pru move war
ska move den
stp move mos
tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support lvn move pru
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support ank move con
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul hold
den hold
edi support wal move yor
gas move bur
gre move alb
iri support lvp move wal
kie move ber
lvn move pru
lvp move wal
mid support bre move eng
nth move eng
pic support bel
sil move pru
smy move aeg
stp support war move mos
swe move bot
tri move adr
tyr support vie move boh
wal move yor
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bot move swe
bur move ruh
den move kie
edi support yor move lvp
eng move lon
hol move kie
iri move lvp
mid move eng
mun hold
nth move lon
pic move bur
sil move war
stp move mos
wal support eng move lon
war move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
aeg move ion
bel move wal via convoy
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur support ruh move bel
con hold
eng convoy bel move wal
iri support bel move wal
lon support wal move yor
lvn hold
nap move ion
rom move tys
ruh move bel
tyr support alb move ven
vie support bud move gal
wal move yor
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel hold
ber move kie
bur move gas
eng support lon move nth
gal support vie move boh
iri support wal move lvp
lon move nth
nap move ion
ser move bud
sil move war
tyr support vie move boh
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal move bot
bel support gas move bur
ber support mun
bla move sev
boh support gal move sil
bud move ser
con hold
den support swe move bal
edi move lvp
eng support nth
gal move sil
gas move bur
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move den
lvn move mos
lvp support yor move edi
mar move spa/sc
mos support war
nap move ion
nth support bel
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun support ion
tyr move mun
tys support ion
ven move tus
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn move stp
bur support mun
con hold
den move hel
eng hold
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie move den
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun hold
nth support kie move den
ser hold
sev hold
sil move war
spa/sc move gol
tyr move mun
ven hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move bur
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot move swe
bur move mar
con move bul
den move ska
edi move bel via convoy
eng move mid
fin hold
ion support apu move nap
kie move den
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos move ukr
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move bel
ruh support mun
ser hold
sev move bla
sil move war
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp move lvn
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla hold
boh support sil move gal
bul move rum
bur support mun
den support ska move swe
ion move tun
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun support ber
nap support apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
ruh move kie
ser support bul move rum
sil move gal
ska move swe
spa/sc move gol
swe move nwy
tus move apu
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war support ukr move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ion
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move sil
bot hold
bur move mar
den move swe
gal support rum move ukr
ion support nap move apu
kie support mun
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
naf move tun
nap move apu
nth move edi
pic move bur
pie support ven move tus
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support lvn move mos
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ven move tus
war move lvn
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tyr
tun move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu support adr
boh move mun
bot move bal
bur hold
con move smy
edi move nth
gal move war
gre hold
ion move adr
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
pie move tus
rom support pie move tus
rum move bul
sev move ukr
tun support wes move tys
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom move nap
tys move nap
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
bal move den
ber move sil
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul hold
bur support mun
gre move bul
ion support tys
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos hold
mun hold
nwy support lvn move stp
pie move tus
rom hold
smy move aeg
tun support ion
tus move nap via convoy
tys convoy tus move nap
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bul support aeg move gre
bur hold
eng convoy lon move pic
ion support aeg
kie move den
lon move pic via convoy
gol support pie
mos move lvn
mun move ber
nap support tys move rom
nth move yor
nwy move swe
pie support tus
sil move ber
stp hold
swe move fin
tun hold
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ukr move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
gre move ser
rom move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove gal
remove ion
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal hold
ber support sil move pru
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
eng move lon
fin support stp
gre move ion
kie move bal
lvn support mos move war
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move war
nap move apu
pic move bur
pie move tus
rom move tys
rum support bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move ukr
sil move pru
swe support kie move bal
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven hold
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
bal support swe move bot
ber support pru
bot support lvn move stp
bud move rum
bul support rum
den move kie
edi hold
eng hold
fin support stp
gal support bud move rum
gre move ion
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
nap move apu
pie move tus
rom support nap move apu
rum support bul
ser support bud move rum
swe move bot
tun support tys move ion
tus move tys
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu support pie move ven
bal support pru
ber move sil
bot move lvn
bul support ukr move rum
bur support mun
fin support stp
gal move ukr
gre move ion
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support ber move sil
pie move ven
pru support ber move sil
rom support pie move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil support lvn move pru
stp support bot move lvn
tun support tys move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvn disband
sil move war
ven move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support ven
bal support pru move lvn
ber move pru
boh move mun
bur support mun
fin move swe
gal move sil
ion move adr
lvn move bot
mun support sil
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support ber move pru
stp support pru move lvn
tri support tyr
tun support ion
tus move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move nap
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army mar
build Army sev
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu support ven
bal convoy swe move ber
bla convoy sev move con
bot support lvn
bul move gre
bur hold
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
ion move eas
lvn support sil move war
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support pie move tyr
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
rom support ven
rum support gal move ukr
sev move con via convoy
sil move war
stp support lvn
swe move ber via convoy
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus move tys
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven support pie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move vie
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support con move bul
apu move ven
ber move sil
bla move con
con move bul
eas move aeg
gre support rum move bul
ion move adr
lvn move mos
pie support tyr
pru move lvn
rom support apu move ven
rum move bul
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
build Army kie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move sil
bla hold
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur hold
con move smy
eas move aeg
gre hold
ion move alb
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
mos move ukr
pie support ven
rom support ven
sev support ukr move mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion move gre
alb support ven move tri
ber move sil
bla hold
gal support mos move ukr
gre hold
ion move gre
lvn support stp move mos
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
pie support tyr
rom move ven
rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move arm
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move bul
tri move ser
ukr move sev
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy apu move con
alb support gre
apu move con via convoy
bal move den
boh move vie
bur hold
gal support boh move vie
gre support alb
ion convoy apu move con
lvn support mos
mar move gol
mos support ukr
mun support tyr
par move gas
pie support tyr
sil move boh
swe move nwy
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support gal
ven support tri
war support gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support tri
arm move smy
bla move ank
boh move vie
bur hold
con support aeg move bul
gal support vie move bud
gas hold
gre support aeg move bul
ion support gre
lvn move war
gol move tys
mos support ukr move sev
pie hold
tri support vie move bud
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Army mar
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move sil
bud move ser
bul/sc support con
con support bul/sc
den move kie
gal move bud
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie move mun
mos move sev
mun move boh
pie support tyr
sev move rum
tri support bud move ser
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
boh support vie
bud support vie
bul/sc support con
bur move par
con support bul/sc
eas move smy
gal move ukr
gas move spa
ion move alb
kie move den
mar hold
mun support boh
pie support tyr
rum support ser
ser support bud
sev move arm
sil move gal
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army/dislodged smy
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
