PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move spa
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
mid move wes
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
sev move rum
sil move war
spa move por
stp move nwy
ukr support sev move rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
apu move rom
ber move pru
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support smy move gre
con move smy
den move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
nwy move fin
por move spa
rum hold
smy move gre
spa move naf via convoy
stp move nwy
tri support bud move ser
ukr move gal
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move mos
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bal support nwy move swe
bul support smy move gre
den support nwy move swe
fin support nwy move stp
gal move war
gre move alb
ion support tun
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun move sil
naf support wes move tun
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pru move war
rum move sev
ser hold
smy move gre
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move vie
tus move pie
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army edi
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
alb move gre
bal support den move swe
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bud support ser
bul support ser move rum
con move ank
den move swe
fin move swe
gal move ukr
gre move smy
ion support tun
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support tys move tun
nap move tys
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move war
stp move lvn
swe hold
tun support nap move tys
tys move tun
vie move tri
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bal support den move swe
bud move rum
den move swe
fin move stp
ion move nap
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos move sev
naf support tun
nrg move nth
nwy support den move swe
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
swe hold
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr move sev
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
tys disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move kie
ber move mun
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move bla
edi move yor
gal support vie move bud
ion move nap
kie move den
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
pie move tus
rom support ion move nap
rum move bud
ska move den
smy move ank
stp support nwy
swe support kie move den
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven move rom
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move sev
arm support ank move sev
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move vie
bud support tri move vie
bul support rum
den support swe
gal support vie move bud
ion convoy tun move nap
kie move bal
lvn move mos
gol support pie move tus
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap support ven move rom
pie move tus
rom support nap
rum support bla move sev
ska move nth
stp support nwy
swe hold
tri move vie
tun move nap via convoy
tus support rom
tyr move tri
tys support tun move nap
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move ser
nap move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Army mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
bal convoy swe move kie
ber move sil
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul support gre
con move aeg
den hold
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser
ion move aeg
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move nrg
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
stp support yor move nwy
swe move kie via convoy
tri support ser move bud
tus support mar move pie
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move rom
wes move tun
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal convoy kie move pru
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bud hold
bul support rum
con move aeg
den hold
gal move bud
gre hold
ion move eas
kie move pru via convoy
gol move tys
mos support ukr move sev
nap support tys move rom
pie support tus move ven
rum move gal
sev move ukr
sil move boh
stp support lvn
tri support bud
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
tri move ser
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm support aeg move smy
bal move swe
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul support gre
den support bal move swe
eas support ion move aeg
gal move rum
ion move aeg
lvn support stp
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap hold
nrg support nwy
nwy support stp
par move gas
pie move tus
pru move war
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
stp support lvn
tri move alb
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven move rom
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move ser
arm move sev
bud hold
bul support gre
con move aeg
eas support aeg
gal move rum
gas move mar
ion move gre
lvn support stp
gol move tys
mos support sev
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support stp
rom move apu
rum move bud
ser hold
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
smy move eas
stp support lvn
tri support alb move ser
tus move rom
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr hold
vie support rum move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move ven
arm support smy
ber move kie
bud move ser
bul support gre
con move aeg
den move swe
eas support aeg move smy
gal move bud
gre support bul
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support lvn move stp
rom support apu move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support mos
smy hold
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ven
arm support smy
bal support swe
bar support stp
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move bel
con move aeg
eas move aeg
fin move swe
gal move sil
gre move alb
ion support aeg move gre
kie move den
lvn support mos
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support lvn
nap move apu
nth move hol
nwy support fin move swe
rom support apu move ven
ruh move hol
rum support bud move ser
ser move gre
smy support con move aeg
stp support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move wes
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move gre
apu move ven
bal support swe
bar support stp
bel move pic
bud move ser
bul support ser move gre
den support swe
eas support ion move aeg
fin support nwy
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
nap move apu
nth move den
par hold
rom support apu move ven
ruh move hol
rum support bud move ser
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb support gre
arm move ank
bal support den move swe
bar support stp
bul hold
den support swe
fin support nwy move swe
gre support rum move bul
hol hold
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move eas
stp support nwy
swe move fin
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Germany: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
