PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bre
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr move rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel hold
ber support war move sil
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul hold
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
eng move mid
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
kie move ber
lon move eng
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth support lon move eng
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum hold
ser move bul
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
swe move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bel move bur
bla support rum
boh move mun
bot move bal
bul hold
con support bul
den support swe
eng support lon move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
lon move nth
mun support ber
nth move nwy
pie move ven
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
ska support stp move nwy
stp move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tus support pie move ven
tys move ion
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
remove ska
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bal move swe
ber support sil move mun
bla support ser move bul
boh support sil move mun
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
den support kie
gre support ser move bul
ion move adr
lon move nth
lvp move iri
nth move nwy
rom support tri move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move mun
stp move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla convoy rum move arm
boh support mun
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
gre hold
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move nth
mun hold
nth move nwy
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move arm via convoy
stp move fin
swe support nth move nwy
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
arm move ank
bal support kie
bla support arm move ank
boh move mun
bud move tri
bul move con
con hold
den move kie
eng move bre
fin support stp move nwy
gre hold
hol support den move kie
kie hold
mid support eng move bre
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth support swe move den
nwy move stp/nc
pie support tri move ven
rom move nap
ruh move mun
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support bud move tri
ven support bud move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move swe
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
apu support tyr move ven
bal move den
bla support bul move con
boh move tyr
bul move con
con move ank
den support swe
fin move swe
gre move aeg
kie hold
mid move por
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
pie support rom move ven
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move bur
smy move con
swe support nth move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move adr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove pie
build Army sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
ank support bla move con
apu move ion
bal move den
ber move sil
bla move con
bre move gas
bud move vie
bur move par
con support aeg move smy
den support swe
edi move nrg
fin move swe
kie support bal move den
lon move eng
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
pic move par
por move spa/nc
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
spa/sc move por
swe support nth move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bul
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support smy move con
ank move smy
apu move ven
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move par
con support ank move smy
den move nth
eng move bel
fin move swe
gal support rum
gas support por move spa
hol move bel
kie hold
mar move gas
mun support sil move boh
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
pic move par
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move bul
sil move boh
smy hold
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tri support apu move ven
tyr move boh
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
rum move sev
smy move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move nap
boh hold
bul support aeg move con
bur move par
con move bul/sc
den move nth
eng move nth
fin move nwy
gal move rum
gas move spa/nc
hol move bel
kie hold
mar support spa/sc
mun support boh
nap move rom
nth move ska
nrg move bar
pic move bre
pie move ven
por support gas move spa
rom support apu move nap
rum move sev
sev support gal move rum
smy support con
spa/sc support mar
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ven move adr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
rum move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bel move hol
boh hold
bre move gas
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move smy
den hold
gas move bre
kie move hol
mar support bre move gas
mun support boh
nwy hold
rom move apu
rum move bul
sev move ukr
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move boh
war support sev move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
England: fleet/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
gas move mid
rum move sev
ukr move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove mar
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bar move nrg
bla support rum move sev
boh support war move gal
bud move rum
con move bul/sc
den move nth
eng move bre
gal move war
gas support spa/sc
ion support rom move nap
kie move hol
mid move spa/nc
mos support sev
mun hold
nap support apu move rom
nwy hold
par move bre
por support mid move spa
rom move nap
rum move sev
sev hold
ska move nth
smy move con
stp support nwy
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr support war move gal
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
nap move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move ven
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move tyr
bud move gal
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng move bre
gal support ukr move rum
gas support spa/sc
hol hold
ion move tun
mid support por move spa
mos move war
mun move ber
nap move rom
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par move gas
por move spa/nc
rom support apu move ven
rum move sev
sev support ukr move rum
sil support tyr move mun
ska support nrg move nth
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet edi
build Army stp
remove wes
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh support bud move gal
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move ser
con support ser move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
gal support rum move bud
gas move mar
gre hold
hol move kie
mid move nat
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nap move rom
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
ska move den
spa/nc move gas
stp support nwy
swe support den
tun move ion
tyr move vie
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
boh support gal move vie
bre hold
bud support vie
bul support ion move gre
con move ank
den move nth
gal move vie
gas move spa/nc
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move mun
mar move spa
mun support sil move ber
nat move nrg
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
rom hold
rum support ukr move gal
sil move ber
ska support nth move den
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri hold
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie hold
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move bla
bal move den
bar support nrg move nwy
ber move sil
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den support hol move kie
gal move boh
gas move spa/nc
gre move aeg
hol move kie
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
rom move ven
rum support bud move ser
sil move gal
ska support den
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri hold
ven move apu
vie support gal move boh
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move rom
bal move den
bar support nth move nwy
bla move sev
boh move vie
bul move rum
con hold
den support kie
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gas move spa/nc
kie support den
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
rum hold
ser support vie move bud
sil move ber
ska support nth move nwy
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr move vie
ven hold
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove swe
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move par
con support ser move bul
den move bal
edi move nwy
fin move stp
kie hold
mun move tyr
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
rom hold
ruh support kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
ska support nwy move swe
smy move con
spa/nc move mid
stp move mos
tri hold
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move rom
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bar support nwy move stp
ber move kie
boh move vie
bot support fin move stp
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move ank
fin move stp
gal support boh move vie
kie move ber
mid move bre
mos support war move ukr
mun support ber move kie
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
ska support swe
smy move con
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ukr move sev
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army edi
remove fin
build Army lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bal move pru
bar support nwy move stp
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh support mun move tyr
bre move gas
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
con move ank
gal move vie
kie hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
rom move ven
ruh support kie
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move mos
ska move swe
swe move bal
tri support bul move ser
tyr move vie
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
sev move arm
tyr move pie
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank hold
arm move sev
bal support pru move ber
bar move nwy
ber move mun
bla support ukr move rum
boh support ber move mun
bud support alb move ser
edi move bel via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
gas move mid
ion move gre
kie move hel
lon move bre via convoy
nth convoy edi move bel
par move bre
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
stp move mos
swe move den
tri support pie move tyr
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
ser move bul
tri move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal move kie
bel move pic
ber support bal move kie
bla support ser move bul
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul support alb move ser
den support bal move kie
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move alb
hel move kie
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support nwy move stp
mun hold
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move stp/nc
par move bre
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev hold
tri hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber support kie
bla support sev move arm
bud move ser
bul move rum
den hold
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move war
gre support bud move ser
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie support hol
lon move bre via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
nap hold
nth move bel
pic support lon move bre
rum support bud move ser
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
tri support bud move ser
tyr support alb move tri
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
tri move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove hel
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
remove war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bul move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move nth
bla convoy sev move bul
bre move par
bud move tri
bul move gre
den move bal
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move alb
hol move ruh
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move ion
pic move bur
rom move tys
rum support sev move bul
ser support gre move alb
sev move bul via convoy
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
alb move gre
ank move con
bal move pru
ber support kie
bla move sev
bre move par
bul hold
bur move mar
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy wal move bel
gre move ser
ion move aeg
kie support ber
gol move wes
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
ruh support par move bur
rum support bla move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa/sc support bur move mar
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move tun
vie support tri
wal move bel via convoy
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
