PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ven
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support tyr move mun
gal move rum
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move den
nrg move nwy
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
sil move mun
tri move alb
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move bul via convoy
bla convoy arm move bul
bre move pic
bur move ruh
con support arm move bul
edi move nth
gre move ser
kie support sil move mun
lon hold
mos move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nap move apu
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support sev
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
sil move mun
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move bud
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
ber support sil move mun
bla support bul
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
gre support ser move bul
hel move den
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move hol
pic support bur move bel
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil support tyr move mun
ska move nwy
stp move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Italy: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support rum move bul
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
gre move ion
hel move den
iri move lvp
lon move yor
mun support ber
nth support hel move den
pic move bre
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support vie move tri
sev support rum
sil move pru
ska support hel move den
smy support con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
vie move tri
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
den move bal
pru move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber support mun
bla support bul
boh move vie
bre move mid
bur move mun
den move swe
eng move mid
gre move bul
hol support bel
ion move nap
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mun move kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move stp
pic support bel
pru move sil
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
ska support yor move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move ven
vie move bud
war move mos
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove eng
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bul move ser
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
fin move nwy
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion support apu move nap
kie support ber move mun
lvp move wal
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy support ska move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska move swe
smy move con
swe move den
tri hold
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move rom
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support vie move tri
ber support kie move mun
bla support bul
bre move eng
bul support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
den support swe
hol support ruh move kie
ion support con move gre
kie move mun
mun support ruh move kie
nap support ven move rom
nth move lon
nwy move stp
rom move tys
ruh move kie
ser move bud
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support vie move tri
ven move rom
vie move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre support eng
bud move gal
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
edi move lvp
eng hold
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion move alb
kie hold
lon support nth move eng
mid move nat
mun support ber move kie
nap move apu
nth move eng
pic move bel
rom support ven
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ven move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support bud move ser
apu move adr
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla convoy con move arm
bre support eng
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move mun
con move arm via convoy
den support ber move kie
edi move yor
eng hold
gal move rum
hol support kie
ion move alb
kie hold
lon support nth move eng
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
remove sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber hold
bla convoy con move rum
bre support eng
bud support tri move ser
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
den support ber move kie
edi move cly
eng support bre
gal move vie
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lon support nth move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support kie move ber
nat move nrg
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
ruh move kie
ser support ven move tri
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ven move tri
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
ser move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support bul move ser
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber support mun move sil
bla support rum
bre support eng
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
cly support nwy move nrg
eng support wal move lon
gal move vie
hol support kie
ion hold
kie move den
lon support nth
lvp move wal
mos support sev
mun move sil
nat move nrg
nth support lon
nwy move nrg
rum move bud
ser move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
sil disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
alb support ser
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
cly move nat
den hold
edi move cly
eng support wal
gre support bul
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie move den
lon support nth move eng
lvp move wal
mid support nat
mos support sev
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nth move eng
nrg support cly move nat
rum move ser
ser support bul move rum
sil move gal
tri support vie move bud
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal support eng
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
nat move iri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb support ser
arm move smy
bel move bur
bla move sev
bre support mid
bud support tri move ser
cly move lvp
eas move syr
eng move wal
gal move ukr
gre support alb
hol support pic move bel
ion move eas
iri support wal
kie move den
lon support eng move wal
lvp move edi
mid support bre
nat move nrg
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rum support bla move sev
ser support rum
tri move ser
ven move tri
wal support iri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
alb move ser
ank move arm
bar convoy edi move stp
bel move nth
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
bur move bel
den move kie
eas move aeg
edi move stp via convoy
eng move nth
gre support alb
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move wal
lvn support ukr move mos
lvp support lon move wal
mid support bre move eng
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nrg convoy edi move stp
rom move apu
rum support alb move ser
ser support bud
sev support rum
syr move smy
tri support ser
ukr move mos
wal move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
aeg support apu move gre
alb move ser
apu move gre via convoy
arm support smy
bar support stp
bel move nth
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur move par
den support nrg move nth
eng support bel move nth
hol support bur move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
iri support wal move lvp
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn support mos
lvp move wal
mid support eng
mos move sev
nrg move nth
pic move bel
rum support alb move ser
ser support bud move rum
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri move alb
wal move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
remove pic
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
apu move nap
arm move syr
bar support stp
bel support eng move nth
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move ser
cly move lvp
con move aeg
den support nrg move nth
eng move nth
gre support con move aeg
ion support aeg move gre
iri move wal
kie move den
lon support nrg move nth
lvn move mos
lvp support mid move nat
mid move nat
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
nrg move nth
par move pic
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
smy support arm move syr
stp move mos
syr move eas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
alb support gre
bel move nth
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul support rum move ser
cly support nrg move nat
den hold
eas support ion move aeg
eng move lon
gre support ion move aeg
ion hold
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move war
lvp move cly
mos support lvn move war
nat support lvp move cly
nrg move nat
rum move ser
ser support gre
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove cly
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
bar move nrg
bre move eng
bud move rum
con support bul
den hold
eas support gre move aeg
eng move nth
gre move aeg
ion move tys
kie move den
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mos move stp
nat move nrg
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
rum move gal
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
smy support con
stp support nrg move nwy
ven move tyr
wal move lon
war move lvn
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bar move nwy
bul move rum
cly support yor move edi
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
eas move aeg
edi move nth
gal move war
gre support aeg move bul
ion move eas
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mos support lvn move stp
nat move nrg
nth support kie move den
nwy move swe
rum support aeg move bul
ser support aeg move bul
sev support bul move rum
ska support kie move den
smy move aeg
syr move smy
tyr move vie
tys move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
stp move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army mar
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support ion move aeg
bur move mun
den move ska
eas move smy
edi move nrg
eng move mid
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie support ska move den
lon support nth
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
ser move rum
sev support rum
ska move den
stp support nrg move nwy
swe support den
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
nwy move ska
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
bal support ska move den
bel move hol
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move con
cly move nrg
con move ank
den move swe
eas move smy
gal move war
gre move bul
kie move ber
lon move nth
mos support gal move war
mun support kie move ber
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg support lon move nth
nwy support den move swe
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sil move mun
ska move den
smy move con
swe support ska move den
syr move arm
tyr support sil move mun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
swe move bot
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bot
remove mun
build Fleet nap
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move smy
ank move con
bud move rum
bul move smy via convoy
con support bul move smy
den move swe
eas support bul move smy
kie support swe move den
mos support rum move sev
nap move tys
nth support swe move den
nwy move ska
rom move ven
rum move sev
sev move bla
smy move eas
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tyr hold
ven move pie
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
smy move syr
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bal move swe
bla move sev
bur move mun
con move ank
eas support smy
hol move ruh
kie support bur move mun
mos support ukr move sev
pie support tyr
rum move bul
sev hold
ska move swe
smy support con move ank
spa/sc hold
syr support arm move smy
tyr support pie
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bal
remove bla
build Army bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
