PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move rom
bul hold
con support bul
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bel
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar move spa
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support wal move bel
ser support alb move gre
tys move tun
vie move tri
wal move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel support ruh move bur
ber move mun
bla support ank move sev
bot move bal
bud support ser
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
eng move bre
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol support bel
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move iri
nap move apu
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser support tri
sev move arm
spa move por
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tun move wes
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu move nap
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel support ruh move bur
bla move sev
bul move gre
con move ank
den support swe
eng support iri move mid
fin move swe
gal move bud
hol support bel
ion move tun
iri move mid
lon hold
mun move ber
nwy move stp/nc
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser support bud
swe support nwy
tri support ser
tus move pie
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support gre move bul
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bur support bel move pic
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move bul
hol move ruh
lon move bre via convoy
mid support lon move bre
mar hold
mun move sil
nap move rom
par move gas
pic move par
por move spa
ser move rum
smy move con
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
vie support bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bla convoy ank move sev
bre support bur move par
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move par
con support bul
eng support bre
gas move spa
kie move ruh
mid move por
mar hold
nrg move nwy
par hold
pic support bur move par
por hold
pru support sil move war
ruh move bur
sil move war
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe hold
tri support vie
vie support bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bla convoy con move rum
bre move gas
bud support rum
bul support con move rum
bur support pie move mar
con move rum via convoy
eng move mid
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mid move naf
mun move boh
nwy move nth
par support bre move gas
pic move bre
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum support vie move gal
sev support con move rum
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
vie move gal
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move sil
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bre hold
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
gas support bur move mar
iri move mid
mid move wes
mos hold
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth move eng
nwy hold
par move bur
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move mos
spa/sc hold
swe hold
tri move ser
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move par
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move mid
gas support mid move spa
ion move alb
kie hold
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move boh
nwy hold
ruh move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil move gal
swe hold
tun hold
tyr support mar move pie
vie support tri
war move ukr
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support bul move gre
ank move con
bel hold
bla support sev
boh support tyr
bul move gre
eng move mid
gal move rum
gas move bre
kie hold
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move sev
nwy hold
par hold
pie move tus
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
spa/sc support mid move por
swe hold
tun move ion
tyr support mar move pie
ukr support mos move sev
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bel hold
bla hold
boh move gal
con move bul
gal move rum
gre move ser
ion support tys move nap
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mos move sev
pie support tyr move ven
por move mid
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
swe hold
tus support tys move rom
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr support gal move rum
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
gal support rum move bud
mos move sev
pie move ven
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
tri support ser move bud
tus support ven move rom
ukr move rum
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support sev
bre move pic
con move bul
eng hold
gal support ukr move rum
gre hold
ion hold
kie hold
lon move nth
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun support ven move tyr
nap support ion
nwy hold
par move bur
rom move tus
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri support ser move bud
tus move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
wes move gol
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
eng support pic move bel
gal support rum
gre support aeg move ion
ion move eas
kie move hol
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev move mos
sil move ber
swe hold
tri move vie
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys support nap move rom
ven support tyr move tri
wes move tun
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
rum move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
bel support bur
ber move kie
bla move con
bud move gal
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gal move war
gre move aeg
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy move syr
stp/nc support nth move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun support eas move ion
tys support eas move ion
ukr move mos
ven move tus
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg hold
bel support bur
bur support bel
con move bla
den move nth
eng support lon move nth
gal support rum move ukr
gre hold
hol support ruh
ion hold
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
gol move pie
mos support ukr move war
nap move rom
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
ruh support hol
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe move nwy
syr move eas
tri support adr move ven
tun support ion
tus move rom
tys support nap move rom
ukr move war
ven support tus move rom
vie move tyr
war move lvn
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove kie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ank move rum via convoy
bel support bur
bla convoy ank move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
den move nth
eas move ion
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move war
gre support eas move ion
hol move bel
ion hold
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move swe
pie hold
rom hold
ruh move mun
sev move mos
ska support yor move den
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun support ion
tyr move mun
tys support ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move adr
wal move pic via convoy
war move ukr
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel support pic move bur
bul move ser
bur move mar
den support nwy move swe
eas move ion
eng support bel
gal move war
gre support eas move ion
hol move bel
ion move apu
kie support swe move den
lvn move mos
mos hold
nth support den
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie move tus
rom support pie move tus
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ska support nwy move swe
stp support lvn move mos
swe move den
tun move ion
tyr support ven
tys support rom
ukr support mos
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
remove lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support gre move ion
apu move nap
bal move den
bar support ska move nwy
bel move bur
bla convoy con move rum
bud move vie
con move rum via convoy
den hold
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support ukr move war
gre move ion
hol support ruh move bel
ion support adr move apu
kie support hol
lon move bel via convoy
mar move pie
mos hold
nth support lon move bel
pic support bel move bur
rom support apu move nap
ruh move bel
ser move tri
ska move nwy
stp move nwy
swe support den
tun move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr move pie
tys support apu move nap
ukr move war
ven support adr move apu
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal support kie move den
bar move stp/nc
bla hold
bur support lon move bel
den hold
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support vie move boh
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move bel via convoy
mos hold
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy support bar move stp
pic support lon move bel
pie move tus
rom move nap
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bud
sil move mun
swe support den
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support nap move ion
ven move rom
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
stp move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove kie
build Army lon
remove lvn
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ank move rum via convoy
apu support ven
bal move kie
bel move hol
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move mun
bud move vie
bur move ruh
den move kie
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move sil
gre support eas move ion
hel support bel move hol
hol support ruh
ion support nap move apu
lon move bel via convoy
mos move stp
nap move apu
nwy hold
pic support lon move bel
pie move ven
ruh support mun
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion
ven hold
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
apu support gre move ion
bal support ber
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move mun
boh move sil
bur support bel move ruh
den move kie
eas support gre move ion
eng move nth
gre move ion
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
mos move stp
mun hold
nap support ion
nwy move swe
pic support bur
pie move ven
pru support sil move ber
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum move bud
sil move ber
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tun support ion
tyr move pie
tys support ion
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
