PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move por
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
rum support con move bul
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel hold
ber move sil
bot support mos move stp
bre move pic
bul move ser
con move aeg
den hold
gre support bul move ser
hol hold
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move ska
nrg support lon move nth
nwy move stp
par hold
por move spa/nc
ser support alb move gre
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser move gre
apu support ion
bel hold
ber move pru
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
eas move ion
fin support swe move nwy
gas move bur
gre support bul move ser
hol move nth
ion support ser move gre
mar hold
mun hold
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par hold
pic support bel
ser move gre
sil hold
ska support nwy
spa/nc hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
apu support ion
bel hold
bot convoy fin move lvn
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur hold
con move bul
den hold
eas move ion
fin move lvn via convoy
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
mar hold
mun move ruh
nth move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par hold
pic hold
pru move war
sil support pru move war
ska support nwy
spa/nc move mid
stp move mos
swe hold
tri support gre move ser
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ion
bel hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bul support aeg move gre
bur hold
den hold
eas move ion
gal move rum
gre support ion move aeg
hol hold
ion move aeg
lvn support ukr move war
mid move iri
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par support bur
pic support bel
ruh move mun
ser support gal move rum
sil support ruh move mun
ska support nth move den
swe hold
tri move bud
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
gre disband
rum move sev
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
remove mos
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
bal convoy lvn move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul support sev move rum
bur hold
con support bul
den support ska move swe
eas move ion
gal move ukr
gre support smy move aeg
hol move nth
iri move eng
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move ber via convoy
lvp move wal
mar move spa/sc
nwy support bar move stp
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
ska move swe
smy move aeg
swe hold
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas
apu hold
bal support ber
bel hold
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
bur move mar
den support kie
eas move ion
eng move lon
fin move nwy
gal move war
gre move alb
ion move tun
kie move ber
mun support kie move ber
nth move edi
nwy support swe
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tyr move mun
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
mun move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove bal
build Army bud
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move adr
apu move nap
bel hold
boh support mun
bud move ser
con move bul
den move nth
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gre move ser
ion move adr
kie support ruh move hol
lon move eng
mid move iri
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy hold
ruh move hol
rum support bul
sil move war
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri move alb
tun support nap move tys
wal support lon move eng
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move adr
bal move swe
bel hold
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
con move bul
den support eng move nth
edi move nth
eng move nth
gre move alb
hol hold
iri move mid
kie hold
lvn move mos
mar move spa
nap move apu
nwy move stp
par move gas
pic hold
rum support ukr move sev
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move sev
wal move lvp
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
apu move ven
bar move nrg
bel hold
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support ser move gre
con move bul
den move hel
edi hold
gas move mar
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move den
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
nth support bar move nrg
pic support bel
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move ber
spa hold
stp hold
swe move den
tri support apu move ven
ven support alb move tri
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move tri
apu move ven
arm support aeg move smy
bel hold
ber hold
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul support ser move gre
con move bul
edi move nth
gre support con move bul
hel support swe move den
hol move bel
iri move eng
kie move den
mar hold
mun move bur
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
pic move bur
pru support mun move ber
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev hold
spa move por
stp hold
swe move den
tri support apu move ven
tyr support apu move ven
ven support alb move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
ven move adr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
remove cly
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel hold
ber support kie
bla support gre move bul
bre hold
bud move tri
bul support ser move gre
con support gre move bul
den move kie
edi move cly
eng hold
gre move bul
hel support den move kie
lvp move nat
mid hold
mar hold
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth move hol
pic support bel
por move spa
pru move war
rom move tus
rum support bul
ser move gre
smy move con
stp hold
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support bul move con
apu move ion
bel hold
ber support kie
bla support con move ank
bre hold
bul move con
cly move nat
con move ank
den move kie
eng support nat move iri
gre move bul
hel support nth move hol
mid hold
mar hold
mun support kie
nat move iri
nth move hol
pic support bel
smy support bul move con
spa hold
stp hold
tri move ser
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Austria: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move ank
bel support pic move bur
ber move kie
bre move mid
con support arm move ank
den move bal
eng move mid
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol hold
ion move tun
iri support eng move mid
lon move nth
mid move naf
mar hold
mos move war
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
pic move bur
pie move tyr
rum move gal
ser move gre
sev move mos
smy hold
spa move gas
tri move adr
tys support ion move tun
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel move ruh
bre move mid
bur hold
den move kie
gal move sil
gas hold
hol support den move kie
iri support nth move eng
kie support mun
mid support nth move eng
mar hold
mun support kie
naf move tun
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
smy move eas
stp hold
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr move boh
tys support tun
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army lon
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
ber support den move kie
boh move sil
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move nth
gas hold
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
naf support wes move tun
nwy support stp
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil move pru
stp hold
tri move alb
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
arm move sev
con hold
eas support adr move ion
eng hold
gal move boh
gas move spa
hol move hel
kie support ber
lon move hol
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support stp
pie move mar
pru hold
ruh support mun
ser move bul
sil support tyr move mun
tun hold
tys hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Army par
remove ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
eas move ion
eng hold
hel convoy lon move kie
hol support lon move kie
ion support pie move tun
kie move den
lon move kie
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nth convoy lon move kie
nwy support stp
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
spa hold
stp hold
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys convoy pie move tun
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
eas support ion
eng hold
gas support spa move mar
hel hold
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nth hold
nwy support stp
ruh move mun
sil support mun
spa move mar
tun move tys
tys move wes
ukr move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
wes disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
ber move bal
boh support mun
bur hold
eas move ion
eng hold
gal move vie
gas support mar
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move den
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh hold
sil support mun
swe move bot
tun hold
ven move tyr
wes support ion move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support kie move ber
boh support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bul move rum
bur support mar
con hold
den move swe
eng move mid
gas support mar
gre move ser
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol convoy pie move spa
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf move wes
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
pie move spa via convoy
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
tun support naf move wes
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
vie move gal
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move pru
bot support stp move lvn
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
eng hold
gal move war
gas support mar
hel convoy hol move den
hol move den
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn hold
gol support tys move wes
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf move wes
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support naf move wes
stp move lvn
swe move pru
tun support wes move naf
tyr support mun
tys move wes
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy lvn move ber
boh support tyr move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bul move rum
bur support mun
den move swe
gas support mar
kie support lvn move ber
lvn move ber
gol move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mos support war
mun support lvn move ber
naf move wes
nwy move stp/nc
pie support gol move mar
pru support lvn move ber
sev support mos
sil support ber
spa/sc support naf move wes
tri move tyr
tun support wes move naf
tus move gol
tyr move mun
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support swe move lvn
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bre move bel via convoy
bud move gal
bur support mun
eng convoy bre move bel
gas support mar
hel hold
ion move tys
kie support mun
gol hold
mid move naf
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
pru support ber move sil
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support wes move gol
swe move lvn
tus support gol
tys move wes
war support mos move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support swe move lvn
bel move ruh
boh support tyr move mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bur support mun
eng hold
gal support war
gas support mar
hel hold
ion support tun
kie support mun
gol move wes
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun support sil move boh
naf support wes
pie move mar
pru support swe move lvn
sev move mos
sil move boh
spa/sc support wes
stp/nc hold
swe move lvn
tri move alb
tun support gol move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tun
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support mos move lvn
wes hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
boh hold
bot support lvn
bur support mun
eng hold
gal hold
gas support mar
hel hold
kie support mun
lvn hold
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
naf support wes
pru support sil
ruh support mun
sev hold
sil support mun
spa/sc support wes
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tun hold
tus support gol
ukr hold
vie hold
war hold
wes hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
bot hold
bur support mun
eng hold
gas support mar
hel hold
kie hold
lvn hold
gol support tys
mar hold
mun hold
naf hold
pie hold
pru hold
ruh support mun
sil hold
spa/sc support wes
stp/nc hold
tus support gol
tyr support boh
wes hold
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
