PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move tys
par move bur
rom support ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bel
gal move war
kie move hol
mid move wes
nth convoy yor move nwy
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil move war
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move eng
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bul support gre move ser
con support ank move bla
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion move apu
lon move nwy
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
rum support gal move bud
ser support vie move tri
sev move bla
sil support ber move pru
smy move aeg
spa move por
tri move adr
tun hold
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
alb move gre
apu move nap
bla hold
boh move vie
bud hold
bul support aeg move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move mid
ion move nap
kie move mun
mid move wes
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy support swe move fin
pru support sil move war
rom hold
rum hold
ser support ven move tri
sev move bla
sil move war
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tri support adr move ven
tun move wes
ven move tri
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mar
remove ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support fin move stp
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gre move alb
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn move mos
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
por move spa
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser support gre move alb
sev hold
stp/sc hold
swe move bot
tri hold
tun move wes
vie move bud
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bar support fin move stp
bla support bul move rum
bot move bal
bud move rum
bul move rum
fin move stp
ion support tys
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
nat move mid
pie move ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support bud move rum
sil move gal
spa move mar
stp move mos
tun move wes
tyr support pie move ven
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tri
war support stp move mos
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move den
bar move nrg
bla support rum move sev
boh move vie
bud hold
bul move rum
con move bul
gal support vie move bud
ion move nap
lon move yor
lvn move war
gol convoy mar move tus
mid support wes
mar move tus
mos support gal move ukr
mun move boh
naf support wes
par move bur
pie support ven
rum move sev
ser support bud
sev hold
tri move ven
tyr support ven
tys move gol
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bla move ank
boh support gal
bud hold
bul support rum
bur move mar
edi move nwy
gal support vie move bud
ion support nap
gol move tys
mid support wes
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nap support ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
rom hold
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
stp move mos
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys move tus
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tus move rom
vie move bud
war support ukr
wes support gol move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove arm
build Army con
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support sev
boh move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
den move nth
edi move nwy
gal move rum
ion support nap
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nap support ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
pie move tus
rom move ven
rum support bud
ser support tri
sev support rum
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support tus move rom
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tus move rom
vie support tyr move tri
war support ukr
wes support tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
arm support sev
bla support bul move rum
bud move gal
bul move rum
fin move nwy
gal support rum
gre move alb
ion support nap
mid move naf
mos move sev
naf move tun
nap support ion
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move bel
rum support vie move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
stp move fin
tri support vie move bud
tun move wes
tyr support tri
ukr support rum
vie move bud
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm support sev
ber move sil
bla support rum
bud support gal move rum
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move rum
ion support nap
kie move mun
lon move bel
mar move pie
mun move bur
naf support tun
nat move nrg
nap support ion
pie move tus
rom move apu
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
tri hold
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support tri
ukr support gal move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu support rom move nap
arm support sev
bla move con
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum
bur hold
gal support ukr move rum
ion support nap
mos move sev
nap support ion
pie move tus
rom move nap
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
sil move boh
tri support bud
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri
tys support rom move nap
ukr move rum
war move ukr
wes support tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move pic
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move gas
con move aeg
gal support bud move rum
gre move alb
mos support ukr
mun move bur
naf move mid
nrg move nth
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
tri move bud
tun support tys move ion
tus move pie
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support bud move rum
war support ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move bla
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur hold
gal support vie move bud
gas hold
ion move adr
mar move spa
nap move apu
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel
pie move mar
rum support sev
sev support rum
tri support vie move bud
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ukr support gal
ven move pie
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg support eas move ion
bla support sev
bud move rum
bul support rum
eas move ion
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gal support bud move rum
gre move alb
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move eng
rom move nap
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
stp move lvn
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven move alb
war support ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg support ion
bla support sev
bud move ser
bul support rum
gal support vie move bud
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
nap support tun move ion
pie move tus
rum support bud move ser
sev support rum
tri support vie move bud
tun support wes move tys
ukr support gal
ven move alb
vie move bud
war support ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg support ion
alb support ser
bla support sev
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
gal support bud
ion support alb
mid move wes
mun move boh
nap move ion
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support rum
tri move ser
tun support nap move ion
tyr support tri
tys support nap move ion
ukr support mos move sev
war support ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move gre
bla support sev
boh move vie
bul support rum
gal support bud
ion convoy apu move gre
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
tri support adr move alb
tun support ion
tyr support tri
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
war support ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg move gre
alb support ser
bla support sev
bud hold
bul support rum
gal support bud
ion move eas
lvn support mos
mos move sev
rum support ser
ser support alb
sev support rum
tri support apu move alb
tun support ion
tyr support tri
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie support bud
war support ukr
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move gre
bla support sev
bud move ser
bul support rum
eas support gre move aeg
gal move bud
gre move aeg
ion support adr move alb
rom move nap
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
tri support adr move alb
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bla support sev
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre support ser
ion support alb move gre
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support rum
tri move ser
tun support ion
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie support bud
war support ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bla support sev
bud support ser
bul move ser
eas move ion
gal move rum
gre support bul move ser
ion support alb move gre
lvn move pru
mos move sev
nwy move fin
rum move bud
ser support alb move gre
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ukr support gal move rum
vie support bud
war support ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mun
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ion move gre
ber move mun
bla support sev move rum
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
eas move ion
fin move stp
gre move ser
ion move gre
mos move sev
mun move tyr
pru move sil
rum hold
ser support ion move gre
sev move rum
tri support ser
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
bla support rum move bul
bud support gal move rum
bul move con
eas move ion
gal move rum
rum move bul
ser support gal move rum
sev hold
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri support ser
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr support sev
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support bul move gre
apu move alb
bla support con move bul
bud support rum
bul move gre
con move bul
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
rom move apu
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
spa move mar
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move rom
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
arm move smy
bla move ank
bud move rum
con move bul
eng move mid
gre support con move bul
hol move nth
ion support alb move gre
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
tri support ser
ukr support sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move arm
boh move gal
con support aeg move smy
ion move alb
lon move eng
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move con
tri support ion move alb
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Germany: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Germany: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel move bre
bud move ser
bul support alb move gre
bur support pic move par
con move bul
eng convoy bel move bre
gal move ukr
gas move spa
ion move nap
mid move por
mun move tyr
nth move eng
pic move par
rum support bul
sev move arm
smy move syr
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support ion move nap
ukr move war
vie move bud
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
England: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove apu
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
remove gre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove rom
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move con
con move bul
gas support mar move spa
kie move hol
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth move nrg
par support bre move gas
pie move mar
por support spa
rum move bul
ser move alb
sev move arm
smy move syr
spa hold
syr support sev move arm
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move rom
wes support spa
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bul move con
con move bul
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
mar support pie
nap move ion
pie support mar
rum support bul
sev move arm
smy move syr
syr support sev move arm
ukr move sev
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
remove pie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con
bul move con
con hold
ion move eas
por move mid
rum support bul
sev move arm
smy move eas
syr support aeg move smy
ukr move sev
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
arm support smy
bul move con
con hold
rum move bul
smy support bul move con
syr support smy
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move ank
bul hold
gre move aeg
ion move eas
mar move spa
smy hold
tyr move pie
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy syr move con
ank support con
arm move ank
bul support syr move con
eas convoy syr move con
syr move con
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm support con move ank
con move ank
mar move spa
smy support con
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
mar move bur
smy support aeg move con
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
