PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla hold
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
gal support rum
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
rum hold
ukr move sev
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bre move pic
bul move gre
con move bul
den move ska
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
hol move bel
kie support ber move mun
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
por move mid
rum hold
ser support gal move bud
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol move bur
bla hold
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul hold
bur move ruh
gas move par
gre hold
hol move ruh
kie support mun
mid move wes
mun hold
nwy move swe
pie support tyr move ven
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move ukr
ska support nwy move swe
swe hold
tyr move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move swe
bel support mun move bur
ber move sil
bla move con
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur hold
edi move yor
gre move bul
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
par move pic
pie move tus
rum move sev
ska move den
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
ukr move mos
ven move apu
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bal move bot
bel move pic
bla hold
bul move ser
bur support bel move pic
con move aeg
gas move mar
lvn move war
mos move stp
mun move tyr
pic move bre
ruh support bur
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support apu move rom
tys move tun
vie hold
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support tyr move vie
bot support mos move stp
bre move pic
bur support pic move par
den move bal
eng support iri move mid
ion move tys
iri move mid
mar move bur
mos move stp
naf move mid
par support mar move bur
pic move par
ruh support bur
rum hold
ser support tri
sev move mos
smy move aeg
tri support ven
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move vie
ven hold
vie hold
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
bar support yor move nwy
bla hold
bot move bal
bre support par move pic
bud move vie
bur support pic move par
eng support mid move bre
ion support naf move tun
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move lvn
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move pic
pic move par
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum hold
ser move tri
sil move boh
spa/sc move por
swe support yor move nwy
tri move ven
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
wes move spa/sc
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gas
remove mar
remove par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support nwy move stp
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bot support stp
bre move gas
bud move vie
bur move mar
eng move mid
ion move tys
lvn support stp
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move par
pie support tus move ven
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum hold
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
swe move fin
tri support bud move vie
tun move wes
tus move ven
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move apu
bar support fin move stp
ber move pru
bla hold
boh move mun
bot support stp
bur move ruh
con move apu via convoy
fin move stp
gas move spa/nc
ion convoy con move apu
lvn support stp
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mun hold
nth move ska
nwy move swe
par hold
pie support ven
por support spa/sc
rom move ven
rum hold
sil support boh move mun
smy move eas
spa/sc support por
stp hold
tri support rom move ven
tus support rom move ven
tys move gol
ven support pie
vie hold
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove pie
remove por
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru move lvn
bar support fin move stp
bla hold
bot move bal
eas move aeg
fin move stp
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn support stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support spa/nc
mun support ruh move kie
par move bur
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
rum hold
sev move ukr
sil hold
ska move swe
spa/nc support mid move por
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move boh
ven support tus move pie
vie support tyr move boh
war move pru
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support swe move bot
bar support stp
boh support war move sil
bot support mos move stp
bur move ruh
eng move mid
ion support apu move nap
kie support mun move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa/nc
mos move stp
mun move ber
nwy move fin
pie move mar
por support spa/nc
pru move war
rum hold
sil support pru move war
spa/nc hold
stp hold
swe move bot
tys support gol
ukr move gal
vie support ukr move gal
war move sil
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
mar move gas
sil move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove rum
remove sil
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move apu
bal support ber move pru
bar move nwy
ber move pru
bla hold
bot support stp move lvn
con move bul
fin move stp
gal move war
gas move par
ion convoy smy move apu
kie move ber
lvn hold
lvp move iri
gol support mar
mid support spa/nc
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun move sil
nap move rom
por support spa/nc
pru support gal move war
ruh move mun
smy move apu via convoy
spa/nc hold
stp move lvn
tyr move boh
tys support gol
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
war support stp move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move apu
apu move ven
bal support bot move lvn
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move mun
bot convoy fin move lvn
bul move apu via convoy
fin move lvn via convoy
gal move ukr
ion convoy bul move apu
iri move eng
lvn support mos
gol support mar
mid support spa/nc
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun hold
nwy move nth
par move bur
por support spa/nc
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil support mun
spa/nc hold
stp move mos
tyr support boh move mun
tys support wes
vie move gal
war support stp move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu hold
bal support bot move lvn
ber move sil
bla support sev
boh move sil
bot support mos move lvn
bur hold
eng convoy lon move bre
fin move stp
gal move war
kie support mun
lvn support gal move war
gol support mar
mid support spa/nc
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
por support spa/nc
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/nc hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
war support sil move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move bud
lvn move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move ven
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bla hold
boh move sil
bot move lvn
bud move vie
bur hold
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move ukr
ion hold
kie support mun
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/nc
mar move gas
mos move war
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
por support spa/nc
pru move lvn
spa/nc hold
stp support lvn move mos
tyr move boh
tys support wes
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
war support gal move ukr
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal move pru
ber support mun
bla support sev
boh support sil move mun
bot move swe
bre move gas
bur move par
eng move mid
gas move spa
ion hold
kie move ruh
gol support gas move spa
mid move naf
mar support gas move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move eng
nwy move stp
por support spa/nc
pru move sil
rum support vie move gal
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/nc hold
stp move lvn
tyr support sil move mun
tys support wes
ukr support mos move sev
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support pru move sil
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
bla support sev
boh support mun
gal support rum move ukr
ion move tun
kie support ber move mun
gol support spa
mid move wes
mar support spa
mun hold
naf support mid move wes
par hold
pie support mar
pru hold
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil hold
spa hold
tyr support mun
tys support wes
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support kie move mun
bla support sev
boh support mun
bud move vie
bur hold
con move bul
eng move bre
gal move rum
gas support por move spa
kie move mun
gol support spa
mid move naf
mar support spa
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
naf hold
par support bur
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
sev move rum
sil hold
smy move aeg
spa hold
swe move nwy
tun move naf
tyr support mun
tys hold
ukr move mos
war hold
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move tun
ber support sil move mun
bla support sev
boh support mun
bre support mid
bul move tun via convoy
bur move mar
gal move rum
gas move spa
ion convoy bul move tun
kie support sil move mun
lvn move pru
gol support spa
mid support gas move spa
mar support spa
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
naf move mid
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie support mar
por support gas move spa
sev move rum
spa hold
stp support mos
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
bla support bud move rum
boh move vie
bre support gas
bud move rum
bur support gas move mar
gal move rum
gas support bur move mar
kie move mun
lvp move iri
gol support spa
mid hold
mar support spa
mos move sev
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move eng
pie support mar
por support mid
pru move sil
sev hold
sil move war
spa hold
stp move mos
tun move tus via convoy
tyr support mun
tys convoy tun move tus
ukr move sev
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
bre support iri move mid
bur move mar
eng support mid
gal move bud
gas support mid move spa
iri move mid
kie move ruh
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
naf move mid
par support gas
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil support kie move mun
spa move por
stp move mos
tus move ven
tyr support mun
ukr support mos move sev
vie move bud
war move gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
bre support eng move mid
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal move rum
gas support spa/nc
iri support eng move mid
lon move eng
mos move sev
por support spa/nc
ruh hold
sil support ber move mun
spa/nc support eng move mid
stp move mos
ukr support gal move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre support mid
bur move mar
eng support mid
gal move bud
gas support mid move spa
iri support mid
mid support por move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh support mun
rum hold
spa/nc move por
stp move mos
ukr move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move rum
bre support spa/nc move mid
bud support gal move vie
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move nth
gal move vie
gas support bur move mar
iri move eng
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
naf move mid
par move bur
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum support mos move sev
sev support bla move rum
sil move pru
spa/nc move mid
stp move mos
tyr hold
tys support gol
ven support tyr
vie move bud
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre support mid
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
eng move iri
gas move spa
mid hold
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth move eng
par move bur
por support mid
pru hold
rum hold
sev support bla move rum
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support gal move vie
bre support mid
bud support rum
bur move mar
eng support mid
gal move vie
gas support mid move spa
iri support mid
kie move hel
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support tyr
par move bur
por support mid move spa
pru hold
rum hold
sev support bla move rum
tyr hold
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
boh support vie
bre support iri move mid
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
gas support spa/sc
hel move nth
ion move adr
iri move mid
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun support tyr
naf move mid
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru hold
rum hold
sev hold
spa/sc hold
tri support ven move tyr
tyr hold
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie hold
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support bul
bla support bul move rum
boh move gal
bre support eng move mid
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move mar
edi move nth
eng move mid
gas support spa/sc
kie move mun
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support gol move spa
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nth move hel
par move bur
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru hold
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
sil move boh
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
boh support mun move tyr
bre support eng move mid
bud support vie move tri
bur support spa/sc move mar
eng move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gas support spa/sc move mar
hel move kie
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
par move pic
por support mid move spa
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move mar
ukr move rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move smy
ank move arm
arm move smy
ber move mun
bla support ank move arm
boh move vie
bre support eng move mid
bud move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas support mar
kie move den
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nth hold
pic move bur
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru hold
rum move bul
ser hold
sev hold
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri support bud move ser
tyr move ven
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army/dislodged arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
arm move syr
wes move tun
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bre support mid
bud hold
bur support mar
eng move bel
gas move par
mid support wes
mar support spa/sc
mun move boh
naf move wes
nth move hol
por support mid
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser hold
sev support syr move arm
spa/sc support wes
syr move arm
tri move ven
tun support naf move wes
tyr hold
vie move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove tri
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg support con move bul
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla move ank
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur hold
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
hol move hel
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mar support pie
mun move ruh
naf move tun
par move bur
pie move ven
por move mid
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa/sc support mar
tun move tys
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bur move bel
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support sil move war
gre support rum move bul
hel support yor move den
hol support lon move bel
lon move bel via convoy
mid support wes
mar support spa/sc
nth convoy yor move den
par move bur
pie move ven
por support spa/sc
ruh hold
rum move bul
sev support ukr
sil move war
spa/sc support mar
swe hold
tri support pie move ven
ukr support war
wes move tys
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bul move con
bur move bel
den support hol move kie
eng support bel
gal hold
gre hold
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie hold
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun support kie
nth move nwy
par move bur
por move mid
ruh support bur move bel
sev move rum
sil support gal
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe hold
tri support ven
tys move nap
ukr support war
ven hold
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
kie move ber
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bur move bel
den support kie
eng support bur move bel
gal support sil move war
hel support kie
hol support bur move bel
kie support hol
mid move naf
mun support ber move kie
nth support bur move bel
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
rum move gal
sil move war
spa/sc support wes
swe hold
tri hold
ukr support war
ven move rom
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
