PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
den hold
gal support rum
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid move por
mun hold
nth support yor move hol
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa hold
stp move fin
ven move tyr
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support mar move bur
ber move sil
bre support por move mid
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
den move ska
eng move iri
fin move nwy
gal move sil
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move hel
mar move bur
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support yor move nwy
par move pic
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move ank
spa move mar
swe support fin move nwy
tri move alb
tun hold
tyr move ven
vie move boh
war move pru
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bel support bur move ruh
ber hold
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move eng
bul support bla move con
bur move ruh
con move smy
eas convoy tun move syr
gal move sil
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol hold
ion convoy tun move syr
iri move nat
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun hold
nth move hel
nwy hold
pic move bur
pru support gal move sil
rum move bla
ser move bud
ska support hel move nth
swe move den
tun move syr
ven hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove nth
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support bud move tri
bel move hol
ber hold
bla move ank
boh move mun
bud move tri
bul support con
bur move mun
con support bla move ank
den move kie
eas move smy
eng support lon move nth
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move tys
lon move nth
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nwy move swe
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil support boh move mun
ska move swe
smy support aeg move con
stp/nc move nwy
syr support eas move smy
tri move adr
ven hold
war move pru
wes hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb move nap via convoy
bel move hol
boh move mun
bul move gre
bur support mun
con hold
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move nth
ion convoy alb move nap
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support bel move hol
sil support boh move mun
ska move nwy
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
syr support smy
tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven hold
war move pru
wes hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove arm
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
remove syr
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
ber hold
bud move tri
bur support tyr move mun
con move aeg
den support ber move kie
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move nap
lon move nth
mar move pie
mun support vie move tyr
nap move rom
nth move hel
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pru support sil move ber
rom move ven
ruh support tyr move mun
sev move arm
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
tun support wes move tys
tyr move mun
ven support nap move rom
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
rom move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
alb hold
apu move rom
arm move smy
ber hold
boh move mun
bur support mun
con support arm move smy
den support swe
hel move den
ion move tys
kie support ber
nap support ion move tys
nth support yor move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom support tri move apu
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
ska move den
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move apu via convoy
tun support tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
war move lvn
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Italy: army/dislodged apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove alb
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
apu move ven
bar support stp/nc move nwy
boh support tyr
bur support mun
con move aeg
den hold
hel move den
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn move war
mar move pie
mun support kie
nap support rom
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
par move gas
pie move tus
pru support sil move ber
rom support pie move tus
ruh support mun
sil move ber
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den
tun move ion
tus support tys
tyr support apu move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet/dislodged tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move gre
tus move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
aeg move eas
bar support swe move nwy
ber hold
boh support sil
bur support mun
con move aeg
den move ska
gas move mar
gre move ion
hel move den
ion move nap
kie support ber
gol support pie move tus
mun hold
nap support gre move ion
nrg support nwy move bar
nwy move bar
pie move tus
pru support ber
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sil move boh
ska move swe
smy hold
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys support ion move nap
ven support tyr move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move apu
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
boh support sil
bur support mun
den move bal
eas support ion
ion convoy smy move apu
kie move den
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ber
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move pic
pie support ven move tus
pru support sil move ber
rom support ven move tus
ruh move kie
sil move ber
ska move nth
stp/nc support nwy
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven move tus
vie support tri move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
pie move ven
rom move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
apu move rom
bal support kie move ber
bar move stp/nc
boh move mun
bur support mun
den move kie
eas support ion
ion support nap
kie move ber
lvn support pru
gol move tus
mun support kie move ber
nap support apu move rom
nth move eng
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru support ber
rom move nap
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
tun hold
tus support apu move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support rom move nap
ven support tus
vie support tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal support ber
bar move nwy
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
den move swe
eas support ion
edi move nth
eng move mid
ion move tys
kie support mun
lon hold
lvn support stp/nc
gol support pie
mun hold
nap support ion move tys
nwy hold
pie hold
pru support ber
rom support tus
sil support boh move mun
stp/nc support nwy
swe move ska
tun support tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ven move pie
vie support tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ion
bal support kie move ber
bar support lon move nwy
boh move mun
bre hold
bur support mun
eas support ion
eng move mid
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move nwy
lvn hold
gol support pie
mun support kie move ber
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie hold
pru support ber
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sil support ber
ska support lon move nwy
smy hold
stp/nc support nwy
swe move fin
tun move wes
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie support tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
pie disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove wes
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal support ber
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
eas support aeg move ion
fin support ska move swe
kie move den
lvn support stp/nc
gol move tys
mid move iri
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy support ska move swe
par move gas
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sil move mun
ska move swe
smy move arm
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tun support gol move tys
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
ven support pie
vie support tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
bal move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bur support gas move mar
eas move ion
fin move stp
gas move mar
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie support mun
lvn support stp/nc
gol move wes
mid move iri
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move edi
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sil move mun
tun move ion
tyr support sil move mun
ven support pie
vie support tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bar move nrg
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
eas move ion
edi hold
ion support tys
iri move wal
kie support ber
lvn move stp
lvp move cly
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nap support tys
nwy move swe
pie support rom move tus
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil move mun
stp hold
swe move bot
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr support pie
tys support rom move tus
ven move apu
vie support tyr
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
France: army/dislodged stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move nwy
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot support swe move fin
bur support mun
cly move lvp
eas support ion
edi move cly
ion support nap move tys
kie support ber
lvn support nwy move stp
gol support wes move tys
mid move nat
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun hold
nap move tys
nrg support edi move cly
nwy move stp
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
swe move fin
tun move ion
tus support tys move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ven support pie
vie support boh
wal move lvp
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur support mun
eas support ion
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move bal
gol move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun support kie move ber
nat move mid
nap support tus move tys
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
tun move ion
tus move tys
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move gal
ven support pie
vie move boh
wal move iri
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur support mun
eas move ion
gal move war
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun support kie move ber
nap support tys
nwy move stp
rom move apu
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
tun support gol move tys
tus support tys move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ven support pie
vie move boh
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
eas move ion
ion move tun
lvp move wal
gol support tun move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap support tys
nwy move stp
par move pic
pie move mar
pru support sil
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support gol
stp move nwy
tun move tys
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr move mos
ven support pie
vie move boh
war support pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support mun
bur support mun
eas move ion
ion move tun
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support gol
stp move nwy
tun hold
ukr move war
wal move eng
war move lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel move hol
ber support mun
bur support mun
eng move nth
gol move tus
mos move ukr
mun support ber
naf move tun
nwy move stp
pie support gol move tus
pru move war
ruh support mun
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tun move tys
war move gal
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: fleet/dislodged tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber support mun
bur move bel
eas move aeg
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion move adr
gol move tus
mun support ber
nth move edi
pie move ven
ruh support mun
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys move nap
ukr move rum
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
