PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul hold
bur move bel
con support bul
eng move bre
hol hold
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
lvn move swe
mid move por
mun hold
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move bel
pic support bur move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
ukr support rum
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move pru
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul hold
con support bul
den move swe
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
kie move bal
lon move eng
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move nwy
par move bre
pic support par move bre
por move mid
rum hold
ser move bul
smy move arm
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
ukr support rum
vie move gal
war move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bot move bal
bre hold
bud hold
bul move rum
con move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move spa/nc
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion convoy tun move gre
kie move bal
lon move pic
lvn support ukr move war
pic support bre
por move spa/nc
pru support sil move war
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
swe support bar move nwy
tun move gre
ukr move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move rum
bot move bal
bre hold
bud move rum
bul hold
con move bul
den move swe
eas support ion move aeg
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support bud move rum
gas move mid
gre support bul
ion move aeg
kie move bal
lon move bre
lvn move war
mar move spa/sc
nwy move nth
pic support bre
por support mar move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rum hold
sev support bla move rum
sil move war
smy move syr
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
ukr support lvn move war
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel hold
bla move sev
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con support syr move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
eng support nth move bel
gal support bud move rum
gre support bul
hol move nth
kie move bal
lon move wal
lvn support ukr move war
mid move bre
nth move bel
pic support bel
por move mid
pru move lvn
rum hold
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support por move mid
swe move nwy
syr move smy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move nat
rum move bla
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move lvn
bel hold
bla move ank
bre move gas
bud support rum
bul hold
con move ank
den move swe
eng move nth
gal support pru move war
gre support bul
lvn move mos
mid hold
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move sil
nat move nrg
nth move ska
nwy move swe
pic support bel
pie move tus
pru move war
rum support bul
sev move bla
smy support syr move eas
spa/sc move wes
syr move eas
tri move ven
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move sev
bud move ser
bul support rum
con move ank
den move swe
eas move aeg
gal move ukr
gas move naf
gre hold
hol move nth
ion convoy tun move apu
lvn move stp/sc
mid convoy gas move naf
mar move gol
mos support bla move sev
mun move sil
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bel
rom hold
rum support bul
sev move bla
ska support nth move den
smy move con
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move apu
ven move apu
war support stp move mos
wes support gas move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove bla
build Fleet lon
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul/sc
ank move con
bel move yor
ber move bal
bul hold
con move bul/sc
den support ska move swe
gre support bul
ion support tun
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid move iri
mos support sev
naf support wes move tun
nth support bel move yor
nrg move edi
nwy support lvn move stp
pic move bur
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil move pru
ska move swe
stp/sc support war move lvn
tri move ven
tun hold
ukr support rum move sev
ven move pie
vie hold
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul/sc
ank move arm
bal convoy pru move swe
bel hold
bla support mos move sev
bot support pru move swe
bul hold
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den move bal
edi move nth
gre support bul
ion convoy tun move apu
iri move lvp
kie support nth move den
lon support edi move nth
lvn move stp
mos move sev
naf support wes move tun
nth move den
nwy support stp
pie move mar
pru move swe
rum support bul
sev support ukr move mos
stp support nwy
swe move den
tun move apu
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
sev move ukr
swe move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove hel
remove ion
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove ska
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul/sc
bal move den
bel hold
bla support con move bul/ec
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den move ska
gre support bul
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
naf move tun
nth move hol
nwy support stp
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
sev move rum
stp support nwy
swe move fin
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move gre
bel move wal
bla move con
bul hold
bur support tun move mar
con move aeg
den move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move stp
gre support bul
ion support aeg move gre
kie move hol
lon support nth
lvn support fin move stp
lvp support bel move wal
gol convoy tun move mar
nap hold
nth hold
nwy support stp
pie hold
rom support nap
rum support bul
ser move alb
ska support swe move nwy
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tun move mar
tys convoy tun move mar
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
ank move smy
ber move pru
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move bel
con support aeg
den support ska move nth
eng move lon
gre support aeg move bul/sc
ion move aeg
kie move hel
lon hold
lvp move cly
gol move wes
mar hold
mos move sev
nap support rom
nth support lon
nwy move nrg
pie support tus
rum support bul
sev move arm
ska move nth
tus support pie
tys move tun
wal move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
alb support ser move gre
arm move ank
bel move bur
bul support ser move gre
cly move edi
con support aeg move bul/sc
den move nth
edi move nth
eng support nth move lon
gre support aeg move bul/sc
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion move eas
lon support edi move nth
lvp support cly move edi
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move lon
nrg support cly move edi
pru move war
rum support bul
ser move gre
smy hold
tun hold
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi disband
lon disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
remove con
remove smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank support bul move con
ber move kie
bul move con
den move nth
kie move mun
mun move sil
rum move bul
smy move syr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move smy
con support ank move smy
kie move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove syr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
