PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom hold
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla convoy con move sev
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul hold
bur move bel
con move sev via convoy
den hold
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
tri hold
ven hold
war move ukr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla support sev
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move bal
eng support nth move bel
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nap support tun move ion
nth move bel
par move pic
por move mid
rum hold
ser move bul
sev hold
smy hold
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move ser
tun move ion
tus move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven move apu
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla convoy con move rum
bot move stp/sc
bre support mid move eng
bud support rum
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
con move rum via convoy
den move hel
eng move bel
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion move eas
lon move eng
mid move eng
mar support bur
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth support eng move bel
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pru move war
ruh support hol move bel
rum move sev
ser support bul
sev support con move rum
smy move con
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr support rum move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
sev disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move syr via convoy
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
bur support pic move bel
con support smy move aeg
eas convoy apu move syr
eng support pic move bel
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move syr
mar support bur
mos move war
mun move bur
pic move bel
pru move war
ruh move bel
rum support bla move bul
ser support bul
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri move alb
ukr move rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
bla move ank
bot move bal
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con support rum move bul
eas support syr move smy
eng support pic move bel
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
ion move aeg
mid support eng
mar support bur
mos move war
mun move bur
pic move bel
pru move war
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
swe hold
syr move smy
ukr support mos move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move den
bud hold
bul/sc move aeg
bur move bel
con move smy
eas move smy
eng support mid move iri
gre move bul
ion move aeg
mid move iri
mar move bur
nap move rom
pic support bur move bel
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy move arm
swe support bal move den
tri hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move smy
bel support bur
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur support bel
con move smy
den hold
eas support ion move aeg
eng support bel
hol support ruh move kie
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
mun move ruh
pic support bel
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev hold
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move gal
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army par
remove ruh
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
arm move ank
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bre support eng
bud support gal
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur move ruh
con move smy
den hold
eas move ion
eng convoy pic move wal
gal hold
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie support ber move mun
lvp move cly
mun move sil
par move bur
pic move wal via convoy
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
arm move smy
bel support ruh move hol
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support con
bur move mar
cly move edi
con support arm move smy
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move war
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move ber
mun hold
nwy hold
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev hold
sil support gal move war
smy support ank move con
swe move den
ukr support war
ven move pie
wal support eng move lon
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
arm move ank
bel move ruh
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
con support arm move ank
den hold
edi move nrg
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move ukr
hol support bel move ruh
kie hold
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move war
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru support mos move war
rum support gal move ukr
ser move bul
sev hold
sil support war
smy move con
tri move tyr
tys move gol
ukr support mos move war
ven move pie
wal move pic via convoy
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support arm move smy
ank hold
arm move ank
ber hold
bud move gal
bul support con
bur move mar
con support arm move ank
den hold
eng move mid
hol move kie
kie hold
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support ber
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil move pru
smy hold
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr support rum move sev
ven move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
nwy move swe
sev move bla
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move smy
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur move mar
con support ank move smy
den move kie
gal move war
hol support ruh
kie hold
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos hold
nap move ion
nth hold
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support mun
smy hold
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
smy disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support sil move mun
bul/sc move gre
bur support gas move mar
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion move tun
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
naf move tun
nth support nwy
pie move mar
ruh support hol move kie
sil move mun
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tus
ukr move war
war move sil
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie disband
stp disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army par
remove pru
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den support swe
gre hold
ion move nap
kie move den
mos move sev
mun hold
nth support kie move den
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move kie
ser move bul
sil support mun
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move gol
tyr support vie move tri
tys support tun move ion
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
boh support mun
bul support gre
bur move mar
eng move nth
gal move sil
gre support bul
ion support tys move nap
kie support nth move den
mar move gas
mun support sil move ber
nap support aeg move ion
nth move den
par move bur
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh support kie
sev move arm
sil move ber
spa/sc move gol
tri move ven
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move nap
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move ank
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support gre
bur support gas move mar
den move swe
gas move mar
gre hold
ion move eas
kie support ruh
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun support ber move kie
nth move nrg
nwy support den move swe
par move pic
pru move lvn
ruh support kie
sil support mun
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
ank move smy
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bul move con
bur support gas move mar
den move swe
eas support tun move ion
eng move nth
gal move war
gas move mar
gre support alb move ion
kie support ruh
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar move gol
mun move bur
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
pic move bel
ruh support kie
sil support boh move mun
stp move nwy
tun move ion
tyr support ven
tys support tun move ion
ven support tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
bel move nwy via convoy
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
con move ank
den support nwy move swe
eas support tun move ion
gre support alb move ion
kie support ruh
lvn move stp
gol move tus
mar move pie
mun move kie
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
ruh support kie
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move fin
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tun move ion
ven move tus
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
ank hold
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
boh support mun
bud move gal
bur move mun
den move bal
eas support tun move ion
fin move nwy
gre support alb move ion
kie support ruh
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
ruh support kie
sil move pru
smy hold
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy move fin
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support ven move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
ank move con
bal move ber
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bud move rum
bur move mun
eas move aeg
fin move stp
gal move sil
gre support alb move ion
kie support bal move ber
mar move pie
mos support stp move lvn
nwy support fin move stp
par move bur
pie move tus
pru support ber
ruh support bur move mun
smy hold
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ven move apu
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal support bot move lvn
bar support stp
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur move mar
gre support adr move ion
ion move nap
kie support ruh
lvn move stp
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
nwy move nth
par move bur
pru support ber
rom support gol move tus
ruh support kie
rum move bul
sil support mun
tun support aeg move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support rom
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move war
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
apu support nap
bal support lvn move pru
bar support stp
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur move mar
gre support adr move ion
kie support ruh
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nap support ven move rom
nth move eng
par move bur
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh support kie
sil support pru move ber
tri move alb
tun support aeg move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr move pie
tys move nap
ven move rom
war move lvn
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army/dislodged pru
France: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pru move war
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb support adr move ion
apu support nap
bal support pru move ber
bar support stp
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
eng move mid
gre support adr move ion
kie support pru move ber
lvn support war move pru
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move kie
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support kie
sil support ber
tun support aeg move ion
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support rom move nap
ven move tus
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
apu move adr
bal move ber
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move mar
gre support alb move ion
ion move tys
kie support ruh
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
nap support ven move rom
par move bur
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh support kie
ser move tri
sil support mun
smy move con
tun support tys
tus support tys
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
wes move gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg move ion
alb move ion
bal move ber
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bul move con
bur move mar
gre support alb move ion
ion move tys
kie support ruh
lvn support pru
gol move tus
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nap support ven move rom
par move bur
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom move nap
ruh support kie
sil support mun
smy move con
tri move apu via convoy
tun support aeg move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support rom move nap
ven move rom
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
