PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move vie
hol support nth move bel
kie move den
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move gre
smy move con
spa hold
tri move alb
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move pic
ber move kie
bud hold
bul move gre
bur support hol move bel
con move aeg
den hold
gal move bud
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nrg move nth
nwy support den move swe
par move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
ser support bud
sev move ukr
smy move con
spa support mar
stp/sc move bot
tun hold
tys move gol
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
bel hold
bot move bal
bre hold
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
gal move bud
hel move nth
iri move eng
kie move hol
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
nth support eng move bel
pic support eng move bel
pie move mar
ser support alb move gre
spa support mar
tun move naf
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr move gal
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
remove naf
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre support par move pic
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bre
gal move bud
hel support kie move hol
hol move ruh
kie move hol
gol move mar
mid move iri
mar hold
mos move lvn
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
par move pic
pic support eng move bre
pie support gol move mar
ser move bud
spa support mar
swe move ska
tri support ser move bud
ven move rom
vie support bud move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support nth move hol
ber move mun
bre hold
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas support spa
gre support bul move ser
hel move nth
iri move lvp
kie move hol
mar support wes move spa
nth move hol
nwy move stp
par support bre
pic move eng
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh support kie move hol
ser move tri
ska support swe move nwy
spa support gas
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr support pie move ven
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
remove stp
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support nth move hol
bre hold
bul move gre
con move bul
den move kie
eng move mid
gas move spa
gre move apu via convoy
hel move hol
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move hel
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mid move gas
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap hold
nth move hol
nwy support ska move nth
par move gas
rom move nap
ruh support hel move hol
ser hold
ska move nth
smy move aeg
spa move por
ven support mun move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
bre hold
bur move bel
den move kie
edi support bel move nth
eng support mid move bre
gal move vie
gas move spa
hel move hol
kie move hel
mid move bre
mar move spa/sc
nap move rom
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
par support bre
por hold
rom support ven
ruh support bur move bel
stp hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun move tys
tyr move ven
ven support rom
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nwy
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove edi
remove eng
build Army mos
build Army mun
remove nth
build Fleet sev
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bre hold
bud support vie move tri
gas move spa
hel move den
hol move nth
kie move ber
lon support hol move nth
mid support mar move spa
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move apu
nrg move edi
par move bur
por support gas move spa
rom move nap
ruh move kie
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tys support rom move nap
ven move tus
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bre hold
bur move mar
den move swe
edi hold
gal move vie
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvn move war
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
nap support tys move rom
nth move nwy
por hold
ruh move mun
spa support bur move mar
tus move rom
tys move rom
ukr move gal
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove mid
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bud support tri move ser
edi move nrg
gal support war
gas move spa
kie move den
mar hold
mun hold
nap support rom
nth move edi
nwy move swe
par move bur
por support gas move spa
pru move lvn
sev move bla
sil move war
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tus move rom
tys move gol
ven support tus move rom
wal move iri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
bre hold
bud move ser
bur move mun
den move swe
edi hold
gal support war move sil
iri move eng
lvn move stp
gol move tus
mid move eng
mar support spa
mun move ruh
nap support rom
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
por support spa
pru move war
rom support gol move tus
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support pru move war
spa hold
swe move ska
tus move ven
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army par
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move nrg
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bul support ser move gre
den move swe
edi move nth
gal move war
iri move eng
kie support mun
mid move eng
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move apu
nwy move swe
par move bur
por hold
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum move bla
ser move gre
sil support gal move war
ska move nwy
spa hold
stp support ska move nwy
tyr move mun
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bre hold
bul support gre
bur move mar
con move smy
den move swe
gre hold
iri move eng
kie support mun
mid move eng
mun hold
nth move edi
nrg move edi
pie move tus
por hold
rom support apu move ven
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
spa hold
stp move lvn
tyr support boh move mun
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun move sil
boh move mun
bre hold
bul move rum
con move aeg
gre move ser
iri move eng
kie move mun
lvn support mos
mid move iri
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy move nth
par move pic
por hold
rom move tus
ruh support kie move mun
sil support boh move mun
smy move eas
spa hold
swe move nwy
tus hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move pru
boh move mun
bre move pic
eas move aeg
edi support nth move nrg
eng move mid
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie move mun
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
nth move nrg
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh support kie move mun
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sil support lvn move war
tus support ven
tyr support boh move mun
ven support tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nrg disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move bur
ber move mun
boh move mun
eas move aeg
edi move nth
ion move gre
kie move den
lvp move wal
mid hold
mar move gol
mos hold
nap move tys
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pie move mar
por move spa
pru support war
ruh support ber move mun
sev move mos
sil support ber move mun
spa move naf via convoy
tus support ven
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tus
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh support tyr move mun
cly move lvp
den move yor via convoy
gal move war
ion move gre
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mos hold
mun hold
nth convoy den move yor
nrg move nat
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support war
spa hold
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven support tus move pie
wal move lvp
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
remove por
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move pru
bur support mar
cly move lvp
eas move aeg
gal move war
ion move gre
kie move hol
lvn support mos
gol support mar
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
nat support cly move lvp
nth move eng
pie support ven
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support war
spa move naf via convoy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven support pie
wal move eng
war hold
wes convoy spa move naf
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bur support mun
eas move aeg
gal move war
hol move nth
ion support tun
lon move wal
lvn support mos
lvp support lon move wal
gol move tys
mar hold
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nat move iri
nth move eng
pic hold
pie move mar
pru move sil
ruh support mun
sil move boh
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
wal move iri
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
ven move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove pie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move tyr
bud move gal
bur move mar
gre support aeg move ion
ion move eas
lvn support mos
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support boh move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nat move mid
nth move den
pic move bur
pru move war
ruh move kie
sev support ukr move mos
sil support pru move war
tyr support vie move boh
tys support wes move tun
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support ukr move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bur move mar
den move ska
eas move smy
eng move nth
gal support ukr move war
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvn support war
mid move eng
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move boh
naf move tun
pie move tus
rom move nap
sil support mun move boh
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr hold
tys support tun move ion
ukr move war
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bre move mid
gre move alb
ion convoy tun move nap
lvn support mos
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support boh
nap move apu
pie move ven
rom move nap
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move con
tun move nap via convoy
tus support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tun move nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ion
boh support gal
con hold
eng move iri
gal support war move ukr
ion support nap
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mos support war move ukr
mun support tyr
nap hold
nth move nrg
pie support ven
rom move nap
sil support boh
ska move nth
tus move rom
tyr hold
tys support tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ukr move rum
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
boh move vie
bre move mid
con move bul/sc
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support boh move vie
ion move eas
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth convoy yor move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie move tus
rom move apu
sil move boh
smy move con
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
wes move tys
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev disband
tri disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
den move kie
eas move aeg
gal move bud
ion convoy nap move gre
mid move wes
mos move ukr
nap move gre via convoy
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
tri move ser
tus move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
bud move ser
bul/sc move con
eas move smy
eng move bre
gal move bud
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie move hol
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nth move lon
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
stp move lvn
tri move alb
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
arm move ank
bud move tri
bul/sc move con
hol move bel
ion move eas
gol hold
mid move por
mun move tyr
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser
ser support bud move tri
tri hold
tyr hold
tys move ion
vie support bud move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Germany: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
