PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
edi move bel via convoy
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mun hold
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
tri move vie
tus move ven
ukr move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber hold
bla move con
bud support vie move gal
bul hold
con move smy
den hold
edi move yor
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun support kie move ruh
nth move hel
nwy hold
par move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
ruh support bel move hol
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri move ser
tun move wes
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ruh move bur
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support yor move den
bel move hol
ber hold
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den hold
gal support rum
gre support bul
hel support bel move hol
hol hold
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mun hold
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support bot move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move kie
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy support ank move con
spa move mar
tys support wes move gol
ven hold
vie move gal
war support gal
wes move gol
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
gol move tus
rum move bla
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove swe
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal move ber
bel move bur
ber support kie
bla support sev move rum
bud support vie move gal
con move bul
den support lon move kie
gal support sev move rum
hel convoy lon move kie
hol support lon move kie
kie support mun move ruh
lon move kie via convoy
gol move tus
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move kie
nwy move ska
pie support gol move tus
ruh support lon move kie
rum move ukr
sev move rum
smy move gre via convoy
spa move mar
tri hold
tus support mar move gol
tys move tun
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bal move ber
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul support smy move gre
bur move mun
gal support bud move rum
kie support bal move ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
tus move tys
tys move tun
ukr move sev
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul support rum
con support bul
den support kie
gal support bud move rum
gre hold
hol support kie
kie hold
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos support bla move sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move bur
pie hold
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum move bud
sev support bud move rum
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tus move pie
tys move tun
ven support tus move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army/dislodged pie
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
sev move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ber move bal
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move mun
con support bul
den move kie
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lvn support war
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nth move eng
nwy move den via convoy
pie hold
rom move nap
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska convoy nwy move den
tun move wes
tyr support mar move pie
tys move tun
ukr support bud move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
pie move gol
tun move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal move ber
bel move bur
ber support mun move kie
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bul
den move kie
eng move mid
gal support bud move rum
gre move ser
kie move mun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move pru
gol move mar
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move mar
ruh support kie move mun
rum support ukr move gal
sev support rum
ska hold
smy move con
tri move ser
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ukr move gal
ven hold
war support ukr move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
mun move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
kie support pru move ber
gol move tys
mid move por
mun support pru move ber
nap move rom
nth move eng
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum support gal move bud
sev support rum
ska move den
spa/sc move por
tri move bud
tyr support ber move mun
tys move nap
ven hold
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber move sil
bre support wes move mid
bud move ser
bul support ser
den move hel
gal move bud
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
kie move ruh
lon move den via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move por
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support sil move boh
nap hold
nth convoy lon move den
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rom support ven
ruh move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser hold
sev move bla
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
tri support bud move ser
tyr move pie
ven support rom
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bla convoy sev move ank
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
con move aeg
eng move bel
hel move nth
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie support mun
mid move gas
mar move gas
mun hold
nap hold
nth move lon
par support ruh move bur
pie move mar
rom support ven
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser support alb move tri
sev move ank
sil move gal
spa/sc move por
tri support vie move bud
ven support rom
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support ser
ank support bla move con
bel hold
bla move con
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move swe
ion move eas
iri support mid
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid support bre move gas
mar move spa
mun move ber
nth move nrg
par move pic
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
rom support ven
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
tri move vie
ven support rom
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel hold
ber move mun
bud move ser
bul support smy move con
con support arm move smy
den hold
eas move aeg
gal move vie
gas move mar
hol support pic move bel
iri support mid
mid hold
mar support spa
mun move bur
nap hold
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
por support wes move mid
rum move bul
ser support bul
sil move boh
smy move con
spa hold
tri move ser
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
smy move eas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army edi
remove nth
remove ser
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move syr
ank support smy
bel move ruh
boh move tyr
bud support tyr move tri
bul move syr via convoy
bur move mar
con support rum move bul
eas convoy bul move syr
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gas support bur move mar
hol move kie
iri support eng move mid
mid move naf
mar hold
nap hold
por support wes move mid
rom support ven
rum move bul
sev move bla
smy hold
spa support mar
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ven support rom
vie support tyr move tri
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy
bla move rum
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
bur move mar
con support smy
eas move smy
eng support iri move mid
gas support bur move mar
iri move mid
mar hold
mun hold
naf move wes
nap hold
por move mid
rom support ven
ruh support mun
ser move rum
sil move boh
spa support mar
syr support eas move smy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove eas
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
remove syr
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
boh support vie move tyr
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move nth
gas support bur move mar
gre move alb
kie support ruh move mun
lvp move yor
mid support wes move spa
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun move ber
nap hold
nwy support den move swe
por support spa
rom support ven
ruh move mun
ser support bul move gre
sev move bla
spa support mar
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven support rom
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bot move swe
con move aeg
gas support mar
kie support mun
lvn move pru
mid support wes move spa
mar support wes move spa
mun hold
nap hold
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move stp/nc
pie support tyr move ven
por support spa
rom support ven
ser support tri
sil support lvn move pru
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri support ser
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ven support rom
wes move spa/sc
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove ank
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
con move aeg
edi move nrg
gas move spa
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvp move iri
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move pie
mun hold
nap hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move bar
pie move ven
por move mid
pru move ber
rom support ven
ser move bud
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support lon move nwy
tri support pie move ven
tyr move mun
ven support rom
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move bre
mun move bur
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nwy
ber move mun
boh support mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur support ber move mun
gre move apu
ion convoy gre move apu
iri support bre move mid
kie support ber move mun
lon move yor
mid move eng
nap move rom
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie support tri move ven
por support spa
pru move ber
rom support ven
ruh support ber move mun
sil support mun
spa hold
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tys move tun
ven support rom
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid disband
mun move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove nap
build Fleet sev
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ven move rom
bar support yor move nwy
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot move bal
bur support mun
ion move nap
kie support mun
mid hold
mos support stp/nc
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
stp/nc hold
swe support yor move nwy
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move tys
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bal move kie
bar support nwy move stp
ber support bal move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
ion support apu move nap
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn support stp/nc
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support stp/nc
mun support kie move ber
nat move iri
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom hold
ruh support mun
sev move bla
sil move mun
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tun hold
tyr support sil move mun
tys move nap
vie move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
