PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move ven
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul support con
bur move mun
con support bul
gal move vie
hel move den
ion move adr
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank support smy move arm
bla support ukr move rum
bre move pic
bud support tri move vie
bul support con
con support bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move bul/sc
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ruh
mun support kie move ruh
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par support bur
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum support gre move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska move swe
smy move arm
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support ser
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support ruh
bla move sev
bud support ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre support alb
hol support bel
mid move eng
mun support ruh
par support gas move bur
pic support bur move bel
ruh support mun
rum support bla move sev
ser support bud
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tyr support tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser
arm move sev
bel support ruh
bla support arm move sev
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur hold
con move bul
den support ska
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move bud
gas support bur
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
kie move hel
mun support ruh
par move pic
pic move lon via convoy
ruh support mun
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
stp move mos
swe support nwy
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support ser move tri
bel support ruh move bur
bla hold
bud support vie
bur move bel
con hold
den support hel move nth
eng support bur move bel
gas move bur
gre support bul
hel move nth
mos support rum move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nwy move ska
pic support bur move bel
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev support bla move rum
swe support nwy move ska
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
sev move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army mar
remove nth
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel support gas move bur
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support ruh move kie
eng move nth
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hol support bur move ruh
ion hold
lon move yor
mar support gas move bur
mos move sev
mun support bur move ruh
par support gas move bur
pic support bel
ruh move kie
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
ska support swe move den
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
den move bal
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel move hol
bla support bul
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul hold
bur move ruh
den hold
hol support ruh
ion move tun
kie support hol
mar move pie
mun support ruh
nth support bel move hol
nwy support ska move nth
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
ska move nth
tri support vie
ukr move war
ven move adr
vie support ser move bud
war move ukr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bul
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
ank move con
bel move ruh
bla support ukr move sev
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support boh move vie
bur support bel move ruh
den support nwy move swe
hol support ruh
kie support swe move den
lon support bre move eng
mun support ruh
nth support den
nwy move swe
par support bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
swe move den
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven move alb via convoy
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
swe move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support ion move gre
ank move smy
bel move ruh
bla move rum
bud move vie
bul support ser move gre
bur move mun
den move kie
eng support pic move bel
fin move stp/sc
gal move bud
hol support ruh
ion move gre
kie support hol
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun support ruh
nap move ion
nth move lon
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum support mos move sev
ser move gre
sev hold
smy move con
swe move bal
tri support bud move vie
tyr support bur move mun
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support tri move ser
bal support den move kie
bel support mun move ruh
ber support kie
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support boh move vie
bul support ser move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con support bul
den move kie
eng support lon move nth
hol support ruh
ion move aeg
kie support ber
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move hol
pic support bel
ruh support kie
rum support mos move sev
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ser
tyr move mun
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nwy
rum move gal
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber support kie
bot move stp/sc
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support bul
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move rum
hol support kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie support hol
lvp support nth move edi
mid move nat
mun move kie
nth move edi
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bul
ser support tri move bud
sev support gal move rum
smy move ank
tri move bud
ven move adr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ser
bel move hol
ber support kie
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support mun
con move ank
edi support lon move nth
gal move bud
gre support ion move aeg
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun support hol move kie
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nwy support mos move stp
par move pic
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
swe move bal
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
bud move rum
bur move mun
den move kie
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gre move bul/sc
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie support nth move den
mun move boh
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
pic move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support bud move rum
sil move boh
smy move ank
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support rum move bud
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move bal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
remove ska
remove smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank support con
bal move ber
bot move stp/sc
bud hold
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con support rum move bul
den move ska
eas move smy
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre move bul
hol support kie
kie support mun move ber
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser support gre move bul
sil support bal move ber
tri support bud
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank support con
bal support swe move den
bel move hol
bot move stp/sc
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move bul
gal support vie move bud
gre move bul
hel support kie move den
hol move kie
kie move den
mun move boh
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move kie
rum support con move bul
ser support gre move bul
sil move ber
ska move nwy
smy support bul/sc move con
swe move den
tri support bud
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove swe
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
ank hold
bel move hol
boh hold
bot move stp/sc
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bla
hel move den
hol move kie
kie move ber
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nth support hel move den
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
smy move con
tri support bud
tyr support boh
ven move pie
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bla support con move ank
boh support mun move sil
bud support vie
bur move mar
con move ank
den move bal
edi move nwy
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support ber
mar move spa
mun move sil
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie hold
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support bud
swe support den move bal
tri move tyr
tus move gol
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Austria: fleet/dislodged ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
bla move sev
boh support tyr
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bur support mar
kie move ber
gol support wes move spa
mar support spa
mos support sil move war
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move stp
par move gas
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser move rum
sil move war
spa support mar
tri support vie
tun move wes
tyr support boh
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal disband
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bar support stp
ber move sil
boh move gal
bot move swe
bud move vie
bur move mar
den move nth
eng move iri
gal support bud move vie
gas support mar move spa
lvn move stp
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support stp
pie support spa/sc move mar
por support mar move spa
pru support war
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev hold
spa/sc move mar
stp support mos
tri support bud move vie
tus move tys
tyr support vie
tys move wes
ven hold
war support boh move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move rum
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
