PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla hold
bot move swe
bul hold
con move sev via convoy
eng convoy pic move lon
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move pru
nap move apu
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move lon via convoy
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
spa move por
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
bel hold
ber support mun move sil
bla support con move rum
bre move pic
bud support ser
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie move bal
lon support nth move eng
mos move war
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pic move wal
por move spa
pru support war move sil
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support rum
smy move aeg
swe move bal
tri support ser
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie support bud
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move iri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support yor move pic
ber move sil
bla support con move sev
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul move rum
con move sev via convoy
den move swe
eng move mid
gre move aeg
hol support bel
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lon hold
mos move war
mun support ber move sil
nth move eng
pie move mar
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support rum
smy move aeg
swe move bal
tri support ser
tys move gol
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove mos
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support pru
bel move bur
ber move bal
bla convoy con move sev
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move sev via convoy
gre move ion
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon support nth move eng
gol support wes move spa
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun support bel move bur
nap move ion
nth move eng
pic move bur
pru support war move sil
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa move por
swe move fin
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sil move boh
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
bla convoy con move sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move par
con move sev via convoy
den move swe
eng move mid
fin move stp
gas move mid
gre hold
iri move nat
lon move eng
gol support spa/sc
mar move pie
mun support ber
nap move ion
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support gre
sev support rum
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gas
remove pic
remove por
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
ber move mun
bla convoy con move rum
boh move sil
bre move mid
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
eng hold
gre support aeg move ion
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support boh move sil
nat move nrg
nap move ion
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support gre
sev move mos
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ven move apu
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
ber move kie
bla convoy bul move sev
boh move sil
bul move sev via convoy
edi move nwy
eng convoy wal move spa
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid convoy wal move spa
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap support rom move apu
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rom move apu
rum support bul move sev
sev hold
sil move war
tys move tun
wal move spa via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove arm
remove bot
build Army con
build Army kie
remove nrg
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move arm
apu move ven
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla move con
boh move sil
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy wal move gas
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid convoy wal move gas
mun support boh move sil
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rom move tys
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move pru
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move wes
ven move pie
wal move gas via convoy
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
apu move ven
arm move sev
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
gas support mid move spa
gre move ion
ion move tun
lvn move war
mid move spa/nc
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
pru move war
sev move mos
sil support lvn move war
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp hold
swe move nwy
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys support ion move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move rom
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move lvn
tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet kie
remove lvn
build Army tri
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move nap
bal move bot
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
eng support edi move bel
gas move spa
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mos move lvn
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tys support apu move nap
ukr hold
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war support pru move lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bel support nth move hol
bot move stp/sc
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move nth
eng move bre
hol support den move nth
lvn support bot move stp
mid move eng
mos hold
mun hold
naf move mid
nap move rom
nth move hol
pie move ven
por support spa
rum move gal
ser move gre
sev support mos
sil move gal
spa support por
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun move tys
tyr move pie
tys support nap move rom
ukr support rum move gal
ven support rom
war support sil move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move hel
stp move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove eng
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove nap
remove pie
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support hel move hol
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move bel
edi move nth
hel move hol
hol move kie
lon support edi move nth
lvn move mos
lvp move yor
mid move iri
nth move den
por support bre move mid
rom move nap
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move gal
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun move tys
tyr move pie
tys move nap
ukr hold
war support lvn move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support hol
bul move rum
bur support pie move mar
den move nth
gre support ser
hol support lon move nth
ion move tys
iri move lvp
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mid move eng
mar hold
mos hold
mun move ruh
nth move ska
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser support gre
sev support mos
sil move gal
tun support ion move tys
tys move nap
ukr support mos
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support lvn move mos
wes move tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
England: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move nth
eng support bel
gas move par
gre support ser
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move nat
kie move hol
lvn move mos
mos support ukr move war
nth move den
rom move nap
ruh support kie move hol
rum move ukr
ser support gre
sev support mos
sil move gal
ska support nth move den
stp/sc move bot
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support lvn move mos
wes move mid
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
hol move nth
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
den support ska move swe
eng support bel
gal move vie
gre support ser
hol support bur move bel
ion move aeg
kie move den
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos hold
nat move nrg
nth support bel
nwy support bot move swe
par hold
pie move mar
ruh support bur move bel
rum move gal
ser support gre
sev support mos
ska move swe
spa/sc hold
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr support rum move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
gal move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove mid
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel support ruh move bur
boh move vie
den support ska move swe
eng move mid
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa
hol support bel
kie support swe move den
mar support gas move spa
mos hold
nap move rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
par move gas
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move ukr
ska move swe
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
swe move den
tri support boh move vie
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr move war
war move sil
yor hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
Turkey: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move hel
nwy move fin
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre move par
bur move mun
den support fin move swe
fin move swe
gal move sil
gas support por move spa
hel move den
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mar support spa
mos move lvn
mun move ber
nth support hel move den
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move sev
sil support bur move mun
spa hold
swe support hel move den
tri move ser
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
remove fin
remove stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
ber move kie
boh move gal
bud move rum
con move bul
den move hel
gas support por move spa
gre support ser move bul
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mid support por move spa
mar support spa
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf move mid
nth support den move hel
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ser move bul
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa move por
swe move ska
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support kie move ruh
ber support hel move kie
bla support ukr move rum
bul support rum
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
den support nth move hel
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre support bul
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mun support ber
naf move mid
nth move hel
nwy move nrg
pie support mar
pru support sil move ber
rum support gal move ukr
sil move ber
ska move nth
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp hold
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
war hold
wes support naf move mid
yor hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
England: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid move bre
rum move sev
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove nrg
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel support ruh move bur
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
edi hold
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid support wes move spa
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber move sil
nth move hol
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
rum move ser
sev move arm
sil move pru
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp move mos
ukr move sev
war support stp move mos
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move ank
bel support hol
ber support mun move kie
bla move ank
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal support sil move war
gre support bul
hel support kie
hol support mun move kie
ion move aeg
kie support nth move hol
lvn support pru move war
mid support wes move spa
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
mun move kie
nth move hol
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
pru move war
rum support bul
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move war
spa/sc support mar
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
England: army/dislodged mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove sil
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla support mos move sev
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support rum
bur move bel
con move ank
edi move nth
eng support bre move mid
gal move ukr
gas support spa/sc
gre support bul
hel support kie
hol support ber move kie
ion move aeg
kie support nth move hol
lon move yor
lvn move war
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nth move hol
pie move mar
pru support lvn move war
rum support sev
spa/sc hold
tri hold
ukr support mos move sev
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
bel support hol
ber support hol move kie
bla support ukr move rum
bud move tri
bul support aeg move con
bur move mar
con support ank move smy
eng support yor move bel
gal move ukr
gas support spa/sc
gre move ser
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support hol move kie
nth convoy yor move bel
pie move ven
por support mar move spa
pru move sil
rum support sev
sev support rum
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc support mid move por
ukr move rum
wes support mar move spa
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
kie move den
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove edi
remove tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel move hol
ber support kie move bal
bla convoy ank move sev
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
den move kie
eng move mid
gal support rum move ukr
gas support bur move mar
hel support den move kie
hol move kie
kie move bal
mid move naf
mar move spa
mos support ank move sev
mun support hol move kie
nth support bel move hol
por support mar move spa
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
smy move ank
spa/sc move por
ukr support ank move sev
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support sil move gal
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move bud
hol move ruh
sev move arm
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move swe
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
boh move sil
bud move tri
bul support rum
con move bla
den move swe
gal support sev move rum
gas move spa
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
gol support gas move spa
mid move por
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
naf move tun
nth move hel
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
spa support pie move mar
tri move ven
ukr support sev move rum
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support ber move kie
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla support rum move sev
boh support vie move gal
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move bla
den move swe
gal move ukr
gas support mar move spa
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
lon move eng
gol move mar
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support rum move sev
mun support ber move kie
nth move bel
pie move mar
por support spa
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move war
spa support pie move mar
tri move ven
tun move wes
ven move rom
vie move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
bel hold
bla move rum
boh move sil
bud support gal
bul support rum
con move bla
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gas move par
hel move den
hol move kie
kie support bal move den
gol move mar
mid move por
mos support war
mun support kie
pic move par
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
rom move nap
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil move pru
spa support mid move por
swe support hel move den
tun move wes
ukr support war
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove pic
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bal support kie
bel move nth
bla support sev
bre hold
bud move gal
bul support rum
con move bla
den move kie
gal move war
gas move spa
hol support den move kie
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move yor
gol move mar
mid support spa move por
mos support war
mun move ruh
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support gal move war
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil support gal move war
spa move por
swe move bal
tun move wes
ukr support war
ven move pie
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla support mos move sev
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support rum
con move bla
eng move bel
gal move war
gas move mar
hol move ruh
kie move ber
gol support gas move mar
mid move wes
mos move sev
nth move den
pie move mar
pru support gal move war
ruh support ber move kie
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
swe move bal
tun support mid move wes
ukr support mos move sev
war move mos
wes move gol
yor move wal
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
Austria: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bla
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber hold
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move kie
gal support rum move ukr
gas move bur
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move yor
gol move mar
mid move wes
mos move stp
nap move rom
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move mun
swe move bal
tri move adr
tun support wes move tys
tys hold
ukr support lvn move mos
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support sev move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tys move ion
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support ion
bal support kie move ber
ber hold
eng move mid
gal move sil
gas support spa move mar
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mos support pru move lvn
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move hol
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom move nap
ruh support mun move bur
ser move bud
sev move ukr
spa move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tun move ion
tyr move boh
tys move rom
ukr move gal
ven move rom
war support pru move lvn
wes move tun
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
mos move sev
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove pru
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bal move lvn
bel support hol move ruh
boh move mun
bud move vie
bur move par
gal move sil
gas move par
hol move ruh
ion move tys
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap move rom
pie move mar
ruh hold
sev move mos
sil move pru
stp move nwy
tun move ion
tus support mar move pie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven support nap move rom
war support lvn
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tyr
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ber
bel move bur
ber hold
bur move ruh
eng convoy wal move pic
gas move par
ion move nap
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mid move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nap support rom
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support bel move bur
sil support pru move ber
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support ion move nap
ukr move rum
ven move apu
vie move boh
wal move pic via convoy
war move pru
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move hol
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom move nap
bal support ber
bud move tri
bur move mun
eng convoy lon move bel
gas move mid
gre move ion
hol support kie
kie support ber
lon move bel via convoy
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
nap support tus move rom
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support lon move bel
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sil support pru move ber
stp move fin
tri move adr
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu support tus move rom
bal move pru
bel support hol move ruh
ber support bal move pru
boh move mun
bul move gre
bur move mun
fin move swe
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support ber
mid move wes
mun move ber
nap support tus move rom
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pie move ven
pru support mun move ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh move kie
sil support mun move ber
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
war support pru
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
