PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil move war
spa hold
tri hold
tus move ven
ukr move war
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move stp/nc
bel support mar move bur
bla support ank move arm
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support rum
con support bul
den move swe
edi move nth
gre move alb
kie move bal
mar move bur
mos support bot move stp
mun support sil move boh
nap support tun move ion
nth move ska
nwy support bar move stp
par move pic
por move mid
rum support bul
ser support tri
sev hold
sil move boh
spa move mar
tri support ser
tun move ion
ukr support sev
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal move den
bar move nrg
bel support bur
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bul support rum
bur support bel
con hold
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move bud
hol support mun move kie
ion move aeg
mid move iri
mar move pie
mos support bot move stp
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
pic move lon via convoy
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
ska move den
swe support bal move den
tri move tyr
tyr support vie
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move pic
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul support rum
bur support eng move bel
con support bul
den hold
eng move bel
gre hold
ion support aeg
iri support bre move eng
kie support bal move den
lon hold
nth convoy nwy move edi
nrg move nat
nwy move edi via convoy
pie support ven
ser support gre
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe support bal move den
tri support pie move ven
tyr hold
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
bel move nth
bla move con
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con support bul
den support swe move ska
edi move lvp
eng support bel move nth
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie support den
lon hold
nat move mid
nth support ska move nwy
pic move bel
pie support ven
rum move ukr
ser support gre
sev support bul move rum
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
swe move ska
tri support vie move tyr
ven support pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove nat
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support nap move ion
bel move wal via convoy
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
bud move rum
bur hold
con support smy
den move swe
eas support aeg
eng convoy bel move wal
gre support ser move bul
iri move nat
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvp move yor
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth support lon move yor
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pie support ven
rum support bla move bul
ser move bul
sev move mos
ska move nwy
smy hold
tri hold
tyr move pie
ukr support sev move mos
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move war
nth move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support rum move bul
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur move bel
con support smy
eas move syr
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre support bul
ion move eas
lon hold
lvp move edi
mos hold
nat support wal move lvp
nth move bel
nrg support lvp move edi
pie support ven
pru support sil move war
rum move bul
sil move war
smy hold
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
war disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
remove nth
remove nrg
remove stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur hold
con move bul
den move ska
eas support syr move smy
edi hold
eng convoy lon move bel
gre support bul
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
lvp support yor move edi
mar move gol
mos hold
mun hold
nat move mid
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rum support con move bul
smy move con
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
vie move bud
war support pru move lvn
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army/dislodged edi
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move naf via convoy
bla support con
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur hold
cly move edi
con hold
eas move ion
edi hold
eng convoy bel move naf
gre support bul
hol hold
kie hold
lvn move stp
lvp support edi
gol move tys
mid convoy bel move naf
mos hold
mun hold
nwy support lvn move stp
pie move tyr
rum move ser
sil move war
smy support aeg move con
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
vie support tyr move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove cly
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Army nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh move vie
bul move rum
bur support kie move mun
con move bul
edi move yor
eng move bel
gre move bul/sc
ion move tun
kie move mun
lvn support stp move mos
lvp hold
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf hold
nap move rom
nwy move stp/nc
pie support mun move tyr
rum move sev
ser support con move bul
smy move con
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tys support ion
ukr support mos
ven move rom
vie move bud
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
bel hold
bla move con
bud move ser
bul support bla move con
bur hold
gre move bul/sc
lvn support stp move mos
lvp hold
gol move tys
mos support ukr move sev
mun support sil move boh
naf support wes move tun
nap hold
nwy move stp/nc
pie move ven
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
tyr support pie move ven
tys move ion
ukr move sev
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mar
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support bul move con
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul move con
bur hold
con move ank
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
lvn move mos
lvp hold
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move rom
rom move ven
ser move bul
sev support gal move ukr
stp/nc hold
tri support rom move ven
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tun move ion
ven support gol move tus
vie support tri
war support mos move ukr
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu support pie move ven
bel hold
bla move rum
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur hold
con move smy
gal move ukr
gre support bul
ion convoy tun move nap
kie move mun
lvn support mos
lvp hold
mid move wes
mos support lvn
mun move boh
pie move ven
sev support gal move ukr
tri support vie
tun move nap via convoy
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys support tus move rom
vie support tri
war support boh move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank support con
apu support ven
bel hold
boh support tyr move vie
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support gre
bur hold
gal support war move ukr
gre support bul
ion move adr
lvp hold
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
nap hold
rom move tys
rum support bud move gal
sev move mos
tri support vie
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank support con
apu support pie move ven
bel hold
boh support tyr move vie
bul move ser
bur hold
gal move war
gre move aeg
ion convoy nap move alb
lvn support mos
lvp hold
mid hold
mun move tyr
nap move alb via convoy
pie move ven
rum move bud
sev move mos
sil support war move gal
smy move con
tri move vie
tun support ion
tyr move vie
tys support ion
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
alb support tri move ser
ank hold
apu hold
bel hold
boh support sil move gal
bud support ser move tri
bur hold
con move smy
gal support bud
ion move eas
lvn support mos
lvp hold
mar move pie
mos support war
ser move tri
sev support ukr
sil move gal
smy move ank
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr support gal
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support sil move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
gal move rum
ser move gre
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg support gre move bul
alb support ion move gre
apu hold
boh move vie
bud support rum move gal
eas move aeg
gal support vie move bud
gre move bul
ion move gre
lvn move war
mos support war move ukr
pie move ven
rum move gal
ser support ion move gre
sev support ukr
smy move con
tri support ser
tun move ion
ukr support rum move gal
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mar
build Army par
remove rum
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank support con
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
bur move mar
eas move syr
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hol support mun move ruh
ion move eas
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move ruh
par move bur
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
ska move nth
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ser
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
