PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bot move swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul/ec
den move swe
eng move bel
gal move boh
gas move mar
kie move hol
nth move nwy
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr support rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move sil
bot move bal
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul/ec
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nwy move ska
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh move bur
ser move bul
tri move tyr
tys move wes
ukr move gal
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move pic
bla support sev
boh support war move sil
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move gas
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eng move bre
gas move par
gre support bul
gol move mar
mun move ber
nrg move bar
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move swe
tun move naf
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
remove naf
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support sil move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul hold
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eng move mid
gas move bre
gre support bul
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mun support ber move sil
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev support bla move rum
sil move ber
smy move aeg
tri move alb
tyr move ven
ukr support rum move sev
ven move rom
vie move gal
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
bal move bot
bel move pic
ber support mun move sil
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
gas move par
gre support bul
mid support eng move bre
mos support bla move sev
mun move sil
pie support spa/sc move mar
rom move nap
ruh move bur
sev hold
sil move war
spa/sc move mar
ukr support sev
ven move rom
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
bre support bel move pic
bud move ser
bul hold
bur support gas move par
con support aeg
gal support sil move war
gas move par
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
kie move den
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
nap move rom
pie move ven
rom move ven
rum support bul
sil move war
spa/sc support mar
tri move alb
ukr move sev
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet/dislodged pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ion
bla move rum
bul hold
bur move gas
con support aeg move bul
edi move nth
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
ion move tun
lvn support ukr move mos
mar move gol
mos move sev
nap move apu
par support bur move gas
pic move eng
pie move ven
pru support war
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser support bul
spa/sc move wes
tri move tyr
ukr move mos
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove pie
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bla move bul/ec
bul hold
con support aeg
den move nth
eng convoy wal move pic
gas move bre
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie move hol
lvn move mos
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support gas move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support war
rom move tus
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bul
tri move alb
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ion
apu move nap
bla move con
bul move con
con move aeg
den move nth
eas support gre move aeg
eng convoy wal move pic
gre move aeg
hol support ruh move bel
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
nth convoy edi move bel
par support bre
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move arm
tun support alb move ion
tus move ven
war support pru move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eng
build Fleet kie
remove mid
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm support eas move smy
bla move bul/ec
bul move con
con support smy
den move swe
eas move smy
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie move hel
lvn support war move mos
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move rom
par move gas
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
sev move rum
smy hold
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun support ion move tys
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
mos move stp
smy move syr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
ank move arm
arm move ank
bla support ank move arm
bur move mar
con support arm move ank
den support hel move nth
gas support bur move mar
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
nth move nwy
nwy support stp
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
smy support con
stp move mos
swe support nth move nwy
syr move eas
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bud
remove fin
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bre move par
bud move gal
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
den move swe
eas move syr
gas support mar
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol support pie move mar
mos support stp
mun move boh
nth move nrg
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev move mos
stp support mos
swe move bot
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh move sil
bot move stp/sc
bul move rum
gal support ukr move war
gas support mar
gre move ion
gol support por move spa
mar support wes move spa
mos support sil move war
mun support ber move sil
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support bot move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp support mos
swe move bot
syr hold
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr move war
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
wes disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove syr
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
ber move pru
boh support gal move sil
bot move bal
bud move gal
bur support mar
gal move sil
gas move spa
ion move tys
kie move den
gol support pie move mar
mun support sil move boh
nth move ska
nwy support stp
pie move mar
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move boh
ska move den
stp support mos
swe hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
war support gal move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
ber move sil
boh support sil move mun
bur support mar
con move bul
gal move war
gas move bre
ion move tys
kie move den
gol support wes move spa
mid support wes move spa
mun support ber move sil
nth move den
nwy support swe
pie move mar
pru support ber move sil
ruh support mun
sev support war move mos
sil move mun
ska move den
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp support mos
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war move mos
vie move gal
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
mun move ber
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
