PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
ion convoy nap move tun
kie support ruh move hol
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move hol
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
stp move fin
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move pru
bla support ank move arm
bud move gal
bul support rum
con move ank
den hold
eng convoy lon move pic
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon move pic via convoy
mos support sev
mun move sil
nth support eng
nwy hold
rom move tus
rum support bud move gal
tun move naf
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support rum move sev
bel move hol
bla support rum move sev
bul move rum
den move swe
eng move bel
fin move nwy
gal support sil move war
gre move ion
lon move yor
mos support war
naf move spa
nth support eng move bel
nwy move swe
pru support sil move war
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move bud
sil move war
swe support fin move nwy
tri move tyr via convoy
tus move pie
tys move gol
ven hold
war support mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove fin
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel support yor move hol
bla support arm move sev
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
ion move nap
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mos support ukr move sev
naf move spa
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move stp
pie move mar
pru support war
ruh support bur move bel
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support sev
bel hold
bla support sev
bul move rum
den move nth
eng move bre
gal support rum move ukr
kie move hol
gol move tys
mar hold
nap move rom
nth move nwy
pru move lvn
ruh support bel
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven hold
war support sev move ukr
yor move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
remove naf
remove pic
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move bur
bla support rum
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
hol move bel
kie move den
lvn support war
mid move por
mar hold
nth support hol move bel
nwy support edi move nth
rom support ven move tus
ruh support bel move bur
rum support arm move sev
sev move mos
stp support nwy
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tus
wal move lon
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Austria: fleet/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
bla support bul move rum
bud move tri
bur move par
den move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move bud
lon move bel
lvn support mos move stp
mar hold
mos move stp
nth support eng
nwy support nth
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh move hol
sev support ukr move mos
stp support nwy
tus move rom via convoy
tyr move pie
tys support rom
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove eng
remove fin
build Fleet kie
remove lon
build Army mun
build Army nap
remove nth
remove nwy
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi hold
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move yor
lvn support mos move stp
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap support rom
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par support mun move bur
pie move mar via convoy
rom hold
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy move eas
stp move fin
tri move ven via convoy
tus hold
tyr move pie
tys move ion
vie move tri
war support lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move con
bul support ser move gre
bur support pie move mar
den move kie
eas move ion
edi hold
fin move nwy
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move aeg
lvn move pru
mar hold
mos support stp
nap support rom
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom hold
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support mos
ska support hel move den
stp support fin move nwy
tri move ven via convoy
tus move rom via convoy
tyr move pie
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre move eng
den disband
mar move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eng
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel hold
bul support rum
con support bul
den support ska move nth
edi hold
hol move hel
ion move eas
kie move hel
mar move spa via convoy
mos support stp move lvn
nap support rom
nwy move stp
par move pic
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom hold
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
ska move nth
smy support ion move eas
stp move lvn
tus move rom via convoy
ven support tus move rom
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ber move kie
bre support bur move gas
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move aeg
den support nth
eas move ion
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
lvn move pru
mar move gas via convoy
mos move war
nap support rom
nth support yor move edi
rom hold
rum move ser
smy support con move aeg
stp move lvn
tri move ser via convoy
tus move rom via convoy
ukr support mos move war
ven support tus move rom
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
edi disband
war disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel move ruh
bre move pic
bud hold
bul move gre
con move bul
den move bal
eas hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gas support mar move spa
gre hold
hel move den
hol move kie
ion support bul move gre
kie move ber
lon support nth
lvn move pru
mar support gas move spa
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
pie move tyr via convoy
pru move sil
rom move ven
rum support con move bul
smy support aeg
tri move ser via convoy
tus move ven via convoy
ukr move gal
ven move tri via convoy
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre via convoy
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber hold
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
den hold
eas move ion
gal move bud
gas support mar move spa
gre move ser
ion move adr
kie support ber
lon move nth
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support gre move ser
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
smy hold
tri move vie via convoy
tus move ven via convoy
tyr support ruh move mun
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move gre
alb move ser via convoy
ber move sil
bot support nwy move swe
bud hold
bul support aeg move gre
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move vie
gas move spa
ion support aeg move gre
kie move ber
mun support ber move sil
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
rom move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri hold
tus move ven via convoy
tyr move boh
vie hold
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move gre
apu move rom
bel support hol
ber hold
boh support vie
bot move bal
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
gal support bud
gas move spa
gre move alb
ion move tys
lvn support nwy move stp
mos support war
mun support sil
nth move den
nwy move stp
rum support bul move ser
ser support tri
sil move war
swe support nth move den
tri support ser
tus move ven via convoy
ven support bud move tri
vie support boh
war support gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
remove tus
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
alb support ser move tri
ank move con
bal move pru
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh move gal
bud support gal
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
gal support war
gas move mar
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn support bal move pru
mos support war
mun hold
nap move tys
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil move ber
stp support lvn
swe move bal
tri move ser via convoy
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move bud
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support adr move tri
bal support den move kie
ber hold
boh support vie
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
eng move bre
gal support bud move vie
gre move ion
lvn support stp
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mos support war
mun support sil
nth move hol
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
sev support mos
sil support ber
stp support lvn
tri support bud move vie
tyr support vie move tri
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move tri
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
bal move ber
bel hold
ber move kie
bul move ser
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support vie move boh
hol support ber move kie
ion move tys
kie support bal move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support pru
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos support war
mun support sil move ber
nap hold
nth support lon move bel
pic move bre
por move mid
pru support bal move ber
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp support lvn
tri move tyr
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
kie move hel
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel support hel move hol
boh move mun
bre hold
bul move ser
eng support bel
gal move sil
hel move hol
hol support pic move bel
ion move tys
kie support hol
lvn support pru
mar hold
mos support war
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth support hel move hol
pic move bel
pru support bal move ber
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support lvn
tri move vie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven move rom
war support gal move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun disband
sil disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel support nth move hol
ber support hel move kie
con move bul
eng support lon move nth
hel move kie
ion support adr move apu
lon move nth
lvn support pru
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nth move hol
pru support ber
rom support ven
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/sc support mid move por
stp support lvn
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
ven hold
vie move boh
war support sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
hol disband
kie disband
ven move tus
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
bel move pic
ber support kie
boh support sil move mun
bul move ser
bur move mar
eng support bel move pic
hol support kie
ion move nap
lvn support pru
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap support rom move apu
nth hold
pic move par
por hold
pru support ber
rom move apu
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp support lvn
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support ven move tus
ven move tus
war support mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army/dislodged tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tus move pie
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove pie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
boh move sil
bre support par
con move bul
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
hol move hel
ion support apu move nap
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support boh move sil
nap support rom move apu
nth convoy edi move hol
par support bre
pic move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rom move apu
sev support mos
smy move aeg
stp support lvn move mos
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus support tys move rom
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven support tyr move pie
war support boh move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
nap move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tys move nap
bel move ruh
bre support par
bul move ser
bur move mun
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move bal
lvn move mos
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support tyr
nap support rom
par support bre
pie support tus
pru support ber
rom support nap
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/sc move wes
stp support lvn move mos
tun support ion move tys
tus support pie
tyr support pie
tys move nap
ven support tus
war support sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
