PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
lon move yor
lvp move wal
mos move ukr
nap move tys
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tus
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
nth move nwy
rum support ukr move sev
tys move tun
ukr move sev
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move rom
bud support ser move tri
bul hold
con move aeg
gre hold
lon move eng
nap move tys
nwy hold
sev support rum
smy hold
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tus move ven
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support gal
yor move nth
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bar move nwy
boh hold
bud move ser
con support bul
eng move mid
gal move vie
gre move alb
lon move bel
nth move den
rom move spa
ser move alb
sev support rum
smy move gre via convoy
swe move den
tri move alb
ven hold
war support gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bar move nrg
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
gre move alb
lon move bel
gol hold
mid move por
nth move den
rom move spa via convoy
ser support bud move tri
sev move ukr
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri hold
tys hold
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre move ser
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul support gre move ser
gal move bud
gre move ser
gol move spa/sc
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy move ska
rom move ven
ser move bud
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb hold
bud move tri
bul hold
con hold
den move nth
edi move nth
lon move yor
gol support mar
nap move ion
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
pie move mar
por move mid
ser support bud move tri
ska move nth
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
ukr move gal
vie support bud move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb hold
bar move nrg
bul hold
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal move sil
gol move mar
mid move spa/nc
nap move ion
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pie support gol move mar
ser support ven move tri
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
vie move boh
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
ank move arm
bul move rum
con move bla
den move nth
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
pie move mar
ser support bul move rum
ska move nth
spa/nc move mid
ven move tri
wes support mar move spa
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bar move nrg
boh move vie
den support nth
edi move nth
lon move nth
mid move eng
mar move gas
nwy support nth
pru move war
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
swe support nwy
war move gal
wes support spa/sc move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move ser
arm move sev
bla hold
boh move tyr
con move bul
den move hel
eng move bel
gal move bud
lon move nth
mid move por
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy support swe
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
ska support lon move nth
swe support nwy
tri support ser move bud
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
yor support edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
bla support sev
boh support vie
bud support tri move vie
bul support rum
gal move bud
hel move hol
nth move hel
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
rum hold
ser support bud
sev hold
ska move den
swe move den
tri move vie
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
yor support edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move arm
bel move eng
bla hold
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move war
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move adr
nap move ion
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
por move mid
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
ska move den
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie move gal
yor support edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg hold
bla support sev
bud support tri
bul move rum
den move kie
edi move yor
eng support nat move mid
gal support vie move bud
gas move bre
hol move nth
ion hold
kie move bal
mid support gas move bre
nat move mid
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
ser support tri
sev support ukr
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mid move wes
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move ber
bud support gal move rum
eng move bre
gal move rum
gas move bre
ion move gre
kie support bal move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mos move sev
tri move ser
tyr support tri
ven support tri
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support ukr move rum
bud support tri move ser
gas move bur
gre hold
ion move alb
kie move bal
lon move pic via convoy
nth move nwy
por hold
ser hold
sev move ukr
tri move ser
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
yor move nth
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ion
rum move gal
ser move bul
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
remove nat
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move ion
bal move swe
bla move con
boh move mun
bud support ser
bul support rum
bur support boh move mun
edi support nwy move nrg
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support war move ukr
gre hold
ion move eas
iri support eng
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move lon
mid move nat
nth move hel
nwy move nrg
por move mid
rum support bul
ser support bud
sev move mos
spa/sc move por
tri support ser
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bud support gal move rum
bul support gre move ser
bur move ruh
con support aeg move smy
eas support ion move aeg
edi move nth
eng support iri
gal support ukr move rum
gre move ser
hel move kie
ion move aeg
iri move nat
lvp move yor
nrg move nat
por support mid
rum support gre move ser
sev hold
tri support ser
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank move bla
bel support yor move hol
ber support kie
bud support rum
bul hold
con move aeg
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move ukr
gre support bul
iri support nrg move nat
kie support ber
mid support nat move iri
mos move sev
mun move kie
nat move iri
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nat
por support mid
ruh support mun move kie
rum support mos move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
smy support con move aeg
swe move bot
tri support ser
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support yor move hol
ber support kie
bot move stp/sc
bud support ser
eas move smy
eng support nat move iri
ion support aeg move gre
kie support ber
mid support iri
mun support ruh move bur
nat move iri
nth convoy yor move hol
por support mid
ruh move bur
ser support aeg move gre
tri move alb
tyr move pie
ukr support sev
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move syr via convoy
arm hold
ber support kie
boh move mun
bud support ser
bul move con
bur move gas
con move ank
gre support ser move bul
ion convoy alb move syr
kie support ber
lon move pic via convoy
mid support iri
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move hol
pie move mar
por support mid
ser move bul
smy hold
ven move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank support con
arm hold
bur move par
con support smy
eas support gre move aeg
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move pic
gas support bur move par
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
lvp move yor
mid support iri
mun move bur
nat move iri
nth convoy yor move hol
por support mid
smy support con
tyr move mun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support con
ber support kie
bud support ser
bur support mun move ruh
con support smy
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move bre
kie support ber
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move yor
mid support gas move bre
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move cly
par support gas move bre
por support mid
rom move ven
ser support bul
smy hold
ven move tyr
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel support hol move ruh
ber support kie
bre support par
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
bur support ruh
cly move lvp
eas move smy
eng support pic move bre
hol move ruh
kie support ber
mid support bre
mar move gas
nth convoy yor move hol
par support bre
pic move bre
por support mid
ruh support bur
ser move rum
stp/sc move lvn
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
