PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ank move bla
apu move rom
arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
eng move bel
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mun move bur
nth move den
nrg move nwy
par move bur
ser move gre
sev hold
spa move mar
ukr move rum
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul move rum
eng move bel
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move yor
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy support swe
par move bur
pie move mar
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe support nth move den
tun move wes
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move bul
bla convoy arm move bul
bud support ser
con support arm move bul
den support nwy move nth
eng move mid
gre support bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move eas
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mar support wes move spa
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ber
nwy move nth
par move bur
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser support bul
sev support rum
sil move boh
swe move bal
tys move wes
wal move lon
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move pru
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support bul
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
con move smy
den hold
eas move aeg
gre move bul
hol move hel
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move por
mar move gas
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move lvn
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie hold
wal move iri
wes move mid
yor move wal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move vie
bul support gre
bur move par
den hold
eng support nth move bel
gal move bud
gas support mid move bre
gre support bul
hel move den
ion hold
iri move mid
kie support hel move den
lvn move pru
mid move bre
mun hold
nth move bel
pie move mar
por hold
pru move bal
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/sc support pie move mar
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
wal hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
eng support bel move pic
gas support mar move bur
gre move ser
ion move aeg
lon move nth
mid move gas
mar move bur
nap move tys
par move bre
por move mid
ser move bud
smy hold
spa/sc support bre move mid
swe move ska
tri support ser move bud
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support ser move bud
wal hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
mid move iri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ber support mun
bla move con
bre move par
bud support vie
bul/sc hold
bur move par
den hold
eng move bre
gas support bur move par
gre move bul
hol move bel
iri move eng
kie support den
mid move por
mun support ber
nth support ska move den
pic support eng move bre
por hold
ser support gre move bul
ska move den
smy move con
spa/sc support mid move por
tri support vie
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie support bud
wal move yor
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bal move ber
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support gal
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move smy
eng support bre
gal support rum
gas support par move bur
kie support den
mun support ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
por move mid
pru support bal move ber
ser move rum
ska move swe
smy move ank
spa/sc support por move mid
tri hold
tyr support vie move boh
ven move adr
vie move boh
wes support por move mid
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
rum move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank move con
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move gal
bul support aeg move con
bur move bel
con move aeg
den support bal move swe
eng support pic move bel
gal move ukr
gas move bre
kie support den
mid move nat
mun support ber
nth move hol
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rum support bud move gal
sev move rum
sil move war
smy support ank move con
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
swe move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lvp
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move pic
con move aeg
den move nth
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gas move bre
ion move eas
kie move hol
lvn move mos
lvp hold
mid move iri
mun hold
nat support mid move iri
nth move hel
nwy move ska
ruh support kie move hol
rum support gal move ukr
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
ank support smy
bel move hol
bre move mid
bul support gre move con
con support smy
den move hel
eas support aeg
eng move nth
gal move war
gas support pic move bre
gre move con via convoy
hel support bel move hol
hol support den move hel
iri support nat move lvp
kie move den
lvp hold
mid support pic move bre
mos support sev
mun move kie
nat move lvp
pic move bre
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ska move den
smy support con
stp hold
swe move nwy
ukr move sev
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move yor
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
remove ska
remove stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support smy
bel support hel move hol
bre move lvp via convoy
bud move gal
bul move con
con move bul/sc
den hold
eas support aeg move smy
gal move war
gas move bur
hel move hol
hol move bel
iri convoy bre move lvp
kie support den
lvp move cly
mid convoy bre move lvp
mos support sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy move stp/nc
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ukr move sev
smy hold
tri move vie
ukr move sev
ven move pie
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
ank support smy
bel support ruh move hol
bud move gal
bul move con
cly move nrg
con support smy
den move nth
eas move syr
eng move bre
gal move sil
hol hold
ion move eas
iri move wal
kie support mun
lvp hold
mid move bre
mun hold
nth support yor move edi
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move sev
smy support con
ukr move sev
vie hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove edi
remove hel
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank move smy
bel support den move nth
ber support mun
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move par
con support smy move aeg
den move nth
eas support gre move smy
eng move nth
gal support sil move war
gre move smy via convoy
hol support bel
kie move den
lvp move edi
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun hold
nth move yor
nrg support lvp move edi
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
syr support gre move smy
vie move boh
wal support mid move eng
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
ank move smy
bel support nth
ber move pru
boh hold
bre hold
bul move gre
con support ank move smy
den move swe
eas support syr move smy
eng move lon
gal move rum
gas move bre
hol move ruh
lvn move stp
mos move stp
mun hold
nth hold
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
rum move bul
smy move arm
stp move fin
syr move smy
ukr move mos
wal support eng move lon
war support ukr move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove fin
remove mid
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
arm move ank
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul support gre
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
gre support bul
lon support wal move eng
lvn hold
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nth support swe move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move bar
par move bur
pru support ber move sil
rom support tyr move ven
ruh move kie
rum support ukr move sev
smy support aeg move con
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven move adr
vie support boh move tyr
wal move eng
war hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nwy disband
tyr move pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move con
arm move ank
bel move nth
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur support mun
con move bla
eng move mid
gas move mar
gre support bul
ion move adr
kie move mun
lvn support war
mun move boh
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pie support ven
pru support sil move war
rom support ven
rum move gal
sil move war
smy move con
tri move adr
tyr support vie move boh
ven support ion move adr
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support con move bul
arm support bla move sev
bar support nwy move stp
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
den move bal
gal support war
gre support bul
kie support mun
mid hold
mun support ber move sil
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie support ven
pru support sil move war
rom move apu
sil move war
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie support tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
stp move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support ion move gre
apu move alb via convoy
arm support sev
bal support pru move lvn
bar support stp
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
gal move bud
gre hold
ion move gre
kie move ber
mos move lvn
mun support sil
nth hold
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rum hold
sev hold
sil support mun
stp support pru move lvn
tri move alb
tyr move mun
ukr hold
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army kie
remove mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support bul/sc
ank move con
apu move alb via convoy
arm move smy
bal move den
ber move pru
bud support tri
bur support mun
gal support rum
gre support apu move alb
kie move mun
lvn support pru move war
mid move eng
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth hold
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support pie move ven
ser support tri
sev hold
sil support mun move boh
stp move mos
tri hold
tyr support vie
ven move tri
vie support tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre move bul
alb move ser
bar move nwy
boh move tyr
bud support tri
bul/sc move con
bur move bel
con hold
den move ska
eng support bur move bel
gal move ukr
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
lon move nth
lvn support pru move war
mar move bur
mos support war move ukr
mun support boh move tyr
nth hold
pie support rom move ven
pru move war
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move gal
smy support bul/sc move con
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
