PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal move swe
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move bel
edi move yor
eng move mid
gal support sil move war
kie move den
lvn move war
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie hold
rum hold
sil move war
spa hold
stp move nwy
tus move tun
tys convoy tus move tun
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
remove lvn
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support den move swe
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul hold
con support bul
den move swe
edi move nth
gal hold
gre move ion
kie move hel
mid move eng
mar hold
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nwy move bar
par move bur
pie move ven
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move tus
tys convoy tun move tus
war support stp move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support tys move nap
arm move sev
bal move den
bar move stp/nc
bla support arm move sev
bot move stp/sc
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move den
eng move bel
gal move bud
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
mar move bur
mos hold
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support bar move stp/nc
por hold
rum move ukr
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
remove nap
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
bal move bot
bel support ruh move hol
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nwy
hel convoy hol move den
hol move den
kie move bal
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move spa
ruh move hol
rum move gal
sev move mos
stp/nc support edi move nwy
swe move fin
tri hold
tun move tys
tus support ven
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal move swe
bel support hol
bla move rum
boh move mun
bot support fin move stp
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
den support bal move swe
eng convoy nwy move bre
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
hel support den
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
nth convoy nwy move bre
nwy move bre
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ska move swe
spa move mar
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven support adr move tri
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove den
remove lvn
build Army par
remove pru
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tyr move tri
ank move rum
bel hold
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move vie
bot move bal
bud support tyr move tri
con move bul
eng move mid
gal support rum move bud
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support bel
kie move ber
mar move gas
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy support ska
par move bre
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ska support nwy
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move ser
bal move kie
bel move eng
ber support tyr move mun
bla convoy con move sev
bre move bel
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
con move sev
eng convoy bre move bel
gal move vie
gas support par move bre
gre move alb
hel support bal move kie
hol support kie
kie support ber
mos hold
nap move rom
nth support bre move bel
nwy support ska
par move bre
rum support bul move ser
sil move pru
ska support nwy
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri support alb move ser
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move rum
bal move ber
bel move pic
ber support kie
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move gal
con move aeg
den move nth
eng support bel move pic
gas move bur
gre move ser
hel support den move nth
hol support pic move bel
kie support hol
mid move iri
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth support ska
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pru support bal move ber
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev move mos
ska support nth
smy move eas
tri hold
tus move rom
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber support hel move kie
bla move con
bre move par
bud move gal
bur move ruh
den support hel move kie
eas hold
eng move mid
gal move boh
hel move kie
hol support kie
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie support hol
mos move stp
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pru support ukr move war
rum move bud
ser support aeg move gre
sev move ukr
sil move war
ska move nth
spa/sc move mid
tri hold
tus move rom
ukr move war
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nwy
ber move kie
boh support vie move tyr
bre move mid
bud move gal
con move aeg
den move kie
eas support gre move ion
eng move wal
gal move war
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie support mun
lvp move iri
mun support ber
nth convoy bel move nwy
par move bur
pru support war move sil
ruh support hol move bel
ser move rum
sil move war
ska support bel move nwy
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe move fin
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move ven
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel hold
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
con move bul
den move bal
eas move ion
fin move bot
gal move vie
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie support ber
mid move wes
mos support stp
mun support ber
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move bud
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
stp hold
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven move pie
wal move lvp
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support nap move ion
bal hold
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot support fin move stp
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move bul
fin move stp
ion move gre
kie support mun
lvp move nat
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support stp move lvn
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy move bar
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh support mun
ser move rum
sil support tyr move mun
stp move lvn
swe move ska
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support tun move ion
ven move adr
vie move tri
war support stp move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support nap move ion
bel move hol
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur support mun
gre support nap move ion
kie support mun
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh support mun
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sil support tyr move mun
tri hold
tun support adr move ion
tyr move mun
tys support rom move nap
ven hold
war support lvn move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot support stp
bud move vie
bur support mun
gre support ion
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap move apu
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
ska move swe
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ven hold
war support lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Turkey: army/dislodged ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move tri
aeg support ion
apu support tri move ven
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support bal move pru
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bud move vie
bur support mun
edi move nwy
gre move alb
ion move nap
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap move ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
ser hold
sil support pru move ber
stp support bot move lvn
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support tri move ven
tys support nap move ion
ven move tri
vie move boh
war support lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur support mun
den move bal
edi move yor
gre support alb move ion
ion hold
kie support ber
mar support pie
mos support war move lvn
mun support tri move tyr
nap support ion
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pie support tri move ven
pru move ber
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil support pru move ber
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tyr move pie
tys support ion
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support ion
bal support stp move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
ber support bal move pru
boh support vie move tyr
bot support stp move lvn
bud move vie
bur support mun
gre support ion
ion move nap
kie support ber
mid move por
mar support pie
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move stp
pie hold
pru support war move lvn
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tun support tys move ion
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war move lvn
yor move nwy
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support stp move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bud hold
bur support mun
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
kie move ber
mid support mar move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mos support war move lvn
mun support kie move ber
nap support ven move rom
nth support yor move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru support war move lvn
rom support ion move nap
ruh support mun
ser hold
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tun move tys
tyr move pie
ven move rom
vie support tyr
war move lvn
yor move nwy
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tun
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh support vie move tyr
bot support lvn
bud move vie
bur support mun
eas support ion
gre support ion
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn support ber move pru
mid move spa/sc
mos hold
mun support kie move ber
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move wes
stp support lvn
tri move bud
tun support tys move ion
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ven support nap move rom
vie move tyr
war support mos
wes move gol
yor move nwy
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
bal move lvn
bar support stp
ber move sil
boh support sil move mun
bot move lvn
bud move rum
bur support mun
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
ion move nap
lvn move mos
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos hold
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp support lvn move mos
tun move tys
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie move gal
war support mos
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move apu
mos move sev
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal support swe move lvn
bar move nrg
boh support gal move sil
bot convoy swe move lvn
bur support ruh move mun
gal move sil
gre support ion
ion move tys
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support swe move lvn
mun move tyr
nap support adr move apu
pie move tus
pru support sil
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support ruh move mun
stp support mos
swe move lvn
tri move tyr
tun support wes move tys
tus move rom
ven support pie move tus
war support sev move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal support lvn
boh support gal move sil
bot support lvn
bre move mid
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nwy
gal move sil
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
lvn support mos
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move tus
pru move war
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
sev hold
sil support mun move boh
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus support nap move rom
tys support rom move nap
ukr support war
ven support tri move tyr
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support nap
bal move ber
boh support gal move sil
bot support lvn
bul move ser
bur move mun
gal move sil
gre support ion
ion hold
lvn support pru move war
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos support pru move war
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth convoy nwy move hol
nrg move nat
nwy move hol
pie support mun move tyr
pru move war
rom support tys move nap
ruh support bur move mun
sev support ukr
sil support pru move war
stp support mos
tun support gol move tys
tus support rom
tyr move pie
tys move nap
ukr support war
ven support tyr move pie
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
sil move pru
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support nap
ber move kie
boh move vie
bot support lvn
edi move nth
gal move war
gre support ion
hol support nth move bel
ion move tys
lon move eng
lvn support mos
gol move mar
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun support pru move ber
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth move bel
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom support tus
ruh move hol
ser move tri
sev support ukr
sil support gal move war
stp support mos
tun support tys
tus support rom
tyr move tri
tys support rom
ukr support gal move war
ven support pie move tus
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: fleet/dislodged tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tus move gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bel move pic
ber support mun move kie
bot support lvn
eng support nat move mid
gas move bre
gre support ion
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn support mos
gol move tus
mar move spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun move kie
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth move bel
rom support tys move nap
ruh support mun move kie
ser move tri
sev support ukr
sil move pru
stp support mos
tun move ion
tus support nap move rom
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr support war
ven support nap move rom
vie support ser move tri
war support sil move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bel support hol
ber move mun
bot convoy lvn move swe
bre move pic
den move kie
eng support pic move bre
gre support aeg move ion
hol support den move kie
ion move nap
kie move hol
lvn move swe
gol move tus
mid move por
mos move stp
nap move ion
pic move bre
pru move lvn
rom support gol move tus
ruh support kie move hol
sev support ukr move mos
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tun support nap move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
ven support tus move rom
vie support tri move tyr
war support pru move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
rom move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support rom move nap
bel move nth
ber move kie
bot move bal
bre move mid
gre support ion
hol support kie
ion support rom move nap
kie support hol
lvn support mos move stp
mid move por
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap support tus move rom
nwy support stp
pie move ven
por move mid
rom move nap
ruh move hol
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mid move por
stp support nwy
swe move den
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
apu support nap
bal support den move kie
bre support por move mid
con move bul
den move kie
eng support mid move bre
gal move boh
gre support ion
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap support ven move rom
nth move bel
nwy support stp
pie move ven
por move mid
rom support tys move nap
ruh move bel
smy move eas
spa/sc support por move mid
stp support nwy
tun move tys
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support nap
arm move sev
bal move bot
ber support mun
boh support vie move tyr
bre support eng
bul move ser
eas support ion
eng support bre
gas support mid move bre
gre support ion
hel support kie
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth move bel
nwy support stp
pie move ven
rom support tys move nap
ruh move bur
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove nap
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
ber support mun
boh support vie move tyr
bot support stp
bur move par
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move mid
gre support eas move ion
hel move nth
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support mun
lon move pic
lvn support mos move stp
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun support ber
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom move nap
ser move tri
sev support mos
spa/sc support gas move mid
stp hold
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
vie move tyr
war support lvn
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot support stp
edi move hol
eng support bre
gre support ion
ion support apu move nap
kie support mun
lvn hold
mid hold
mos hold
mun support ber
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bre
pic hold
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev support mos
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
swe move den
tri support tyr
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
war support lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove par
build Army smy
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp
bre move eng
con move bul
den move hol
eng move iri
gre move ion
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn move pru
gol support tys
mid hold
mos hold
mun support ber
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy den move hol
pic move bre
pie hold
rom support ion move tys
ruh move bur
sev move ukr
smy move con
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven support tus move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
bel move eng
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bot move lvn
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
eng move iri
gre move ion
hol move nwy
ion move nap
iri move nat
kie support ber
gol support tys
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth convoy hol move nwy
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp move mos
tun support tys
tyr support sil move mun
tys hold
ukr move war
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove nat
build Army par
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mun
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
ion move nap
iri hold
kie support bur move mun
lvn move bal
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth move bel
nwy move fin
par move bre
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
sil move mun
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys hold
ven move apu
war move lvn
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
eng support iri
fin support stp
gal move war
ion move tun
iri support eng
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol hold
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
nap support rom move tys
par move gas
pie move gol
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sil support pru move ber
stp support fin
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus support pie move gol
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ven move pie
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
tys move wes
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
edi move nth
fin support stp
gas hold
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
nap support tys
pic move bur
pie move gol
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa/sc support gol move wes
stp support fin
tun support gol move wes
tus support pie move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys support pie move gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel move nth
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
fin support stp
gas support mar
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid support wes
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
naf support tun
nth move den
pru hold
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes
stp support fin
tri support tyr
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support mos
ven support tus move pie
war support pru
wes hold
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bur support mar
den move swe
fin support stp
gas support mar
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth move nrg
pie move mar
pru hold
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes
stp support fin
tri hold
tun hold
tyr support sil move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support mos
ven move pie
war support pru
wes hold
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
