PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move par
den move swe
gal support ukr move rum
kie move hol
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ser hold
sev move bla
tri support ser
tus move ven
tys move gol
ukr move rum
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move ruh
ber move bal
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud move ser
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
kie move hol
lon move nwy
gol support mar move spa
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bre
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move aeg
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb hold
ank move bla
bal move lvn
bla support rum move sev
bot move swe
bre hold
bur support hol move bel
den support kie move bal
eng move mid
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move bal
gol support spa
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser support bul
sev move mos
spa hold
swe hold
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con
bal hold
bel move pic
bla move con
bre hold
bul hold
bur move mar
den support kie move hel
edi move nwy
gas move par
gre move aeg
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvn move bot
gol support mar
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
rum move ukr
ser support bul
sev move arm
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move vie
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move con
arm move smy
bla support bul move con
bre support bur move par
bul move con
bur move par
con move smy
den support hel move nth
eng move mid
gal move war
gre hold
hel move nth
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
nwy move stp
par move bre
pic move bel
ser move rum
spa move por
stp move lvn
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move eng
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move con
bal support bot
bel move ruh
bot support bal
bre move gas
bud move rum
con move smy
den move nth
edi move yor
eng move lon
gre hold
lvn move mos
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move spa
mos move sev
nth move nrg
par move bur
pie move tus
por move spa
rum move sev
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move por
stp support lvn move mos
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun move ion
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie hold
war hold
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank move smy
bal hold
bot hold
bud move vie
bur move mar
con support ank move smy
gas support mid move spa/sc
gre hold
ion move nap
lon move eng
mid move spa/nc
mos move sev
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
por support mid move spa/nc
ruh move mun
rum move bul
smy support aeg move con
spa move por
stp move mos
tun hold
tus move rom
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
wes support spa
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con move smy
bal convoy kie move swe
ber move sil
boh hold
bot support kie move swe
bul move con
con move smy
edi hold
eng hold
gas move spa
ion move nap
kie move swe
lon move nwy
mar support gas move spa
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nat move lvp
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move cly
nwy move stp
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy support bul move con
spa/nc move por
stp move lvn
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move arm
spa/nc move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support smy move con
arm move ank
bal move ber
boh support tyr move mun
bot move stp/sc
cly move nrg
con support aeg move smy
edi hold
eng move bel
gre move bul
ion move tun
lvn move mos
lvp hold
mid move bre
mar support spa
mun support sil
nth convoy nwy move hol
nwy move hol
por hold
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum move sev
sev hold
sil support mun
smy move con
spa support mar
stp support lvn move mos
swe hold
tyr move mun
ven move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eas
build Army lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal move ber
bel move eng
boh support tyr move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bul support sev move rum
con support arm move ank
edi move lvp
hol move bel
lon move nwy
lvp move cly
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support swe move nwy
por hold
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum move ukr
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa move gas
stp support lon move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move ber
bel move bur
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud support rum
bul move ser
cly support nwy move edi
con move bul
eng move bre
gas move bre
lon move yor
lvp support nth move edi
mid move spa/nc
mun support sil move boh
nth move edi
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
pie support rom move ven
por support mid move spa/nc
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum move sev
sil move boh
smy move con
stp hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
ukr move sev
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove cly
build Fleet edi
remove nrg
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move par
con move aeg
edi move nrg
eng move bre
gas move par
ion move nap
lvp move wal
mun hold
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rom support ion move nap
ruh support boh move mun
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
spa/nc move mid
stp move lvn
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven support nap move rom
vie move boh
war support stp move lvn
yor move bel
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move mun
bot support stp
bud move gal
bur move mar
gas move bur
kie move hol
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mos support war
mun support tyr move boh
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie move tyr
rom move tys
ruh move bel
sev support ukr move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp hold
tri support ven
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move kie
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur support mun
gal move war
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
lon move den
lvn support mos move stp
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support bur
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support mos move stp
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
sev support ukr move mos
sil support gal move war
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
tri move ven
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil move mun
bud move vie
bur move mar
den support nwy move swe
eng move mid
fin support swe move nwy
gas move par
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar support wes move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move ber
nth support den
nwy move swe
pic support gas move par
pie support bur move mar
sev support mos
sil move mun
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tun hold
tus move pie
tys support ion move tun
ven support tus move pie
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
tun move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove fin
build Fleet lon
remove naf
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move sil
bud move vie
bur move mun
den move kie
kie support bur move mun
lon move eng
lvn move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar support wes move gol
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth support pic move bel
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri move adr
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support kie move den
ber hold
boh move mun
bur move bel
fin support lvn move stp
hol move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
nth support den
pie move mar
ruh support boh move mun
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move wes
swe support den
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
Austria: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support nth move hol
ber support kie
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul move rum
eng convoy lon move pic
fin support stp
hol move hel
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move pic
gol support tys move wes
mid move naf
mar move gas
mos move lvn
mun move kie
naf support tys move wes
nth move hol
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support mun move kie
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bal support den move kie
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mar
den move kie
eng move bre
fin support stp
gal move rum
gas move bre
hel move nth
hol support den move kie
kie hold
lvn move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
naf support tys move wes
pic move par
ruh support kie
rum move sev
sil move ber
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
