PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
hol move hel
kie move den
mid move por
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
vie support tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move yor
hel support kie move den
kie move den
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move pic
por move mid
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun support nap move ion
tyr move tri
ukr support war move gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul move gre
bla move con
bud move ser
bul move gre
eng convoy pic move wal
gal support ukr move rum
hel move nth
ion move alb
mid move iri
mar move spa
mos support rum move sev
mun move tyr
nth move lon
nrg move edi
pic move wal
rum move sev
ser hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move adr
bel hold
bre move eng
bud move ser
edi support lon move nth
eng move wal
gal move bud
ion support alb move adr
iri support eng move wal
lon move nth
mos move war
nwy move swe
pic support bel
rum support gal move bud
sev support rum
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move boh
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
nth move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
ank move con
apu move ion
bal move ber
boh move mun
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng convoy pic move lon
gre move alb
hel move kie
ion support adr move apu
iri move lvp
mar move bur
mun move ber
nth move hel
nwy support swe
pic move lon
rum support bud
ser support gre move alb
swe support nwy
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal support iri move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: fleet/dislodged apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
lvp disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Fleet bre
remove nth
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
bal support swe move den
bel move ruh
ber hold
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bur move bel
den hold
eng move nth
hel move kie
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move bal
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mun support ber
nap move rom
nwy move nth
par move bur
rum move gal
sev move rum
sil support war move pru
swe move den
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
vie support tri
wal move lon
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move den
bel move hol
bud support gal move vie
bur move mun
cly move nat
con move bul
eng support lon move nth
gal move vie
gre move alb
hel support hol
kie support hol
lon move nth
mid move naf
mun support ber
nwy move nth
pru support sil move ber
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
ser support alb move tri
sil move ber
smy move eas
swe support bal move den
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move nap
vie hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
tri move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove nap
build Army par
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
bel support edi move hol
ber move kie
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
edi move hol via convoy
eng support nth
gal move vie
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
naf move tun
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move ska
par move bur
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move kie
ser support tri
swe move nwy
tri hold
ven move tus
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh move gal
bud support vie
bur support mun
den support ber move kie
eng support nth
hol support ruh move kie
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun support ruh move kie
nap move rom
nth hold
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sil move mun
ska move nth
tun support gol move tys
ukr move gal
vie support ukr move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support sil
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bur support mun
den support ska
eng support nth
gal move rum
hol support ruh move kie
mar move gol
mun support ruh move kie
nth hold
pru support ber
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum move bla
ska support den
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
vie support bud
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
bud move ser
bur move mun
den support ska
eng support nth
gal move bud
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie support bur move mun
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun move tyr
nap move rom
pru support ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bud move ser
sil move boh
ska support den
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
boh support pru move sil
bud move tri
eas move smy
hol support kie
ion support tys move nap
gol move tus
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap move apu
pru move sil
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
ska support den
tyr support mar move pie
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support pie move ven
ber support sil
bla support bul
bul support ser move gre
eng support nth
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move ber
mun support kie move ber
nap support tus move rom
pie move ven
ruh support mun
ser move gre
sil support ber
ska support den
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tus move rom
vie support tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
