PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
hol support bur move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move sil
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
edi move hol via convoy
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
ion convoy tun move alb
kie move bal
lon hold
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
mun support ber move sil
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move ska
rom move tus
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
tri hold
tun move alb via convoy
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
bal move swe
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul support aeg move gre
con move smy
den support bal move swe
edi move den via convoy
gal support boh move vie
gre move alb
hol move nth
ion support alb move gre
lon hold
mid move nat
mar move spa
mun support sil
nth convoy edi move den
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre move alb
sev support rum
sil hold
ska support edi move den
spa/sc move por
swe support ska move den
tri hold
tus move ven
tyr support tri
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bel support hol
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
bul support aeg move gre
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move iri
gal support rum move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol move hel
ion hold
kie move den
lvp move nat
mun support sil
nat support eng move iri
nth move eng
por move mid
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil hold
ska move nth
spa move mar
swe support den
tyr hold
ven move tus
vie support ser move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
boh support gal move vie
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
den hold
gal move vie
gre support aeg move ion
hel support kie move den
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move nat
mid support bre move eng
mar move gas
mun support sil move boh
nat support iri move lvp
nth convoy lon move hol
rum support bul
ser move bud
sil move boh
ska support den
swe support den
tri support alb move ser
tus hold
tyr move ven
vie support ser move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move tyr
ion move tun
lvp move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hel move hol
bud support tyr move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng support lvp move wal
gal support tyr move vie
gas move cly
gre move ion
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie support mun
lvp move wal
mid convoy gas move cly
nat convoy gas move cly
nap support tun move ion
nth support hol move bel
par move bur
rum support con move bul
ser hold
sil move mun
ska support den
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support ser
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
boh move tyr
bud support vie
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
cly move edi
con move bul
den move edi via convoy
eng move lon
gal move boh
gre move ion
hol support pic move bel
ion support ser move gre
kie move ber
lon move wal
mid move eng
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nap support ion
nth convoy den move edi
nwy support swe
pic move bel
rum support con move bul
ser move gre
sil support gal move boh
smy move con
swe support nwy
tri support ser
ven support tri
vie support gal move boh
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
gre move aeg
lon move yor
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
build Army mar
remove nth
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support bel move ruh
cly move edi
den move kie
eng move nth
gre support tri move ser
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lon support eng move nth
mar hold
mun hold
nap move ion
nrg move bar
nwy support stp/nc move bar
rom move apu
ruh support den move kie
rum move bla
sil move boh
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri move ser
vie move bud
wal move iri
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bul move gre
apu move ven
bar support nwy
ber move sil
bla support rum move bul
boh move mun
bul move gre
den hold
hol move hel
iri move mid
kie support mun
lon move nth
mar move spa
mun support ber move sil
nth move ska
nrg support lon move nth
nwy support swe
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser support ven move tri
sil support boh move mun
swe move den
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bar support nwy
ber support mun
bla support bul move con
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move con
bur support mun
con move ank
den hold
gre move ser
hel support kie move den
kie move den
mid convoy spa move naf
mar move gol
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
ska support nth move nwy
spa move naf
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy
tyr support boh move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
ber move sil
bla move ank
boh move mun
bur support mun
con support bla move ank
den hold
hel support den
ion support aeg move gre
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun support ber move sil
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support ska move nwy
ruh support mun
ser support aeg move gre
sil support boh move mun
ska move nwy
tri hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven support tri
vie support tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
remove smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support sev move arm
arm move syr
bar support stp/nc
ber support mun move sil
boh move sil
bot support swe
bre move mid
bur support kie move mun
con move smy
den move swe
hel move den
ion move tys
kie move mun
gol move tus
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap support ion move tys
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
ruh support kie move mun
sev move arm
sil move pru
stp/nc support bar
swe support bot
tun hold
tyr support vie move boh
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bar support stp/nc
ber move pru
boh move sil
bot support swe
bur move mar
den move swe
gre move ion
hel move kie
gol support tus move tys
mid move naf
mun support sil
nap support tys move rom
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil support ber move pru
stp/nc support bar
swe support bot
tri move ven
tus move tys
tyr move mun
tys move rom
vie move gal
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove syr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support stp/nc
boh support tyr
bot support swe
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move swe
gal support war
ion support tys
kie move bal
gol support tys
mos move lvn
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sil move war
smy move con
stp/nc support bar
swe support bot
tri move ven
tun move tus
tyr support boh
tys convoy tun move tus
ven move tus
war support mos move lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bar support stp/nc
boh support gal move sil
bot support swe
bur move mar
con move bul
den support bal move swe
gal move sil
ion support nap move tys
lvn move pru
gol support tys
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move tys
nrg support nwy
nwy support bal move swe
pie support ven move tus
pru support sil move war
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil move war
ska support nwy
stp/nc support bar
swe support bot
tri move ven
tun move spa
tyr support boh
tys support naf move tun
ven move tus
war support lvn move pru
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
swe move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bul
build Army kie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bar move nwy
ber support pru move sil
boh support sil
bot support fin move swe
bre move mid
den move swe
fin move swe
ion support tys move tun
kie support mun
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar move bur
mun support pru move sil
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
pie hold
pru move sil
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sil support lvn move pru
ska support den move swe
spa move mar
stp/nc support bar move nwy
swe move bal
tun support gol move tys
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven support pie
war support lvn move pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support den move swe
bar support stp/nc
boh move mun
bot support fin move swe
bur support mun
den move swe
edi move nwy
fin move swe
gal move boh
ion support nap move tys
kie support ber
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move tys
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
ska support edi move nwy
stp/nc support bar
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ven support tyr
war move pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support den move swe
bar support stp/nc
boh move mun
bot move swe
bur support mun
den move swe
fin support bot move swe
gal support sil
ion support nap move tys
kie support ber
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
ska support den move swe
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc support bar
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ven support tyr
war move pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
bar support stp/nc
ber move sil
boh move mun
bot support fin move swe
bur support mun
fin move swe
gal move boh
ion support nap move tys
kie move lvn via convoy
gol move tus
mar move pie
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
pie support tus
pru move ber
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
ska support swe
stp/nc support bar
swe support nwy move fin
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys support gol move tus
ven support pie
war move pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal move bot
bar support stp/nc
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot support fin
bur support mun
fin support stp/nc
gal move war
ion support nap move tys
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol move tus
mar move pie
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support lvn move stp
pie support tus
pru move ber
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
ska support swe
swe hold
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys support gol move tus
ven support pie
war move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal move bot
bar support stp/nc
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp/nc
bur support mun
fin support stp/nc
ion support nap move tys
kie support ber
gol support tys
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move fin
pie hold
pru move ber
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
swe support nwy move fin
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr move mun
ven support pie
war support mos move lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal move swe
bar support stp/nc
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot move fin
bur support mun
fin move stp
ion support nap move tys
kie move bal
lvn support stp/nc
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos support stp/nc
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
pie hold
pru support sil move ber
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil move ber
ska support nwy
stp/nc support bar
swe move den
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr move mun
ven support pie
war move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support swe move bot
bar move stp/nc
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot support stp/nc
bur support mun
den move nwy via convoy
fin support bar move stp
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
lvn support stp/nc
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support stp/nc
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber
ska convoy den move nwy
swe move bot
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ven support pie
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
remove ska
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support bot move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
fin support nwy move stp
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lvn support stp/nc
gol support pie move tus
mos support stp/nc
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tus
pru support ber
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support boh move mun
tun support tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys support pie move tus
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support kie move ber
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
fin support stp
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
pie hold
pru support ber
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
stp support bot move lvn
tun support wes move tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tus
ukr move gal
war support lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal move ber
bar support stp
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
fin support stp
gal move boh
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
lvn support mos
gol support pie
mar support pie
mos support lvn
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy support stp
pie hold
pru support ber
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sev move bla
sil support boh move mun
stp support bot move lvn
tun support tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys hold
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support mun move ber
bar support stp
ber support boh move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur move mun
fin support stp
gal move boh
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun move ber
lvn support mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun move ber
nap move tys
pie move tyr
pru support ber
rom support tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support boh move mun
stp support bot move lvn
tun support tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
con move smy
fin move nwy
gal support sil
ion support nap move tys
kie move den
lvn support mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support pie move tyr
nap move tys
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
stp support bot move lvn
tun support wes move tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tus
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
den move swe
gal move sil
ion support nap move tys
lvn support pru
gol support tys
mar support pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth move eng
pie hold
pru support sil move ber
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil move ber
smy move eas
stp support bot move lvn
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
ven support tus move pie
war support lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot move lvn
eas support ion
eng move mid
gal move sil
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lvn support pru
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
pie move tus
pru support sil move ber
rom support tus
sil move ber
stp support bot move lvn
swe move fin
tun support wes move tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bar support fin move stp
bot support stp move lvn
bur support kie move mun
eas support ion
fin move stp
gal move sil
gre support ion
kie move mun
gol support tus
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support tyr
nwy support fin move stp
pru move sil
ruh support kie move mun
sil move pru
stp move lvn
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr support mun
tys move rom
war support lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army sev
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support fin move stp
ber move bal
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
eas support ion
fin move stp
gal move boh
gre support ion
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lvn support mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support kie move ber
naf move wes
nap move tys
nwy support fin move stp
pie move tus
pru move war
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support war move pru
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys support rom move nap
ven move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
eas support ion
fin move stp
gal move vie
gre support ion
ion support nap move tys
lvn support pru
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nap move tys
pie move ven
pru support sil move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move ber
stp move lvn
tun support tys
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven
tys support rom move nap
ukr move gal
ven move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
eas support ion
fin move stp
gal move bud
gre support ion
ion support apu move adr
kie support ber
lvn support pru
gol support tys
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nap move apu
nwy support fin move stp
pie support ven
pru support lvn
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sev move bla
sil move ber
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tus move rom
ven support nap move apu
vie support tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move nap
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
France: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tys move nap
bal support stp move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bud move tri
bur support kie move mun
eas support ion
gre support ion
kie move mun
lvn support pru
gol support wes move tys
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nap move tri via convoy
nwy support fin move stp
pie support mun move tyr
pru support lvn
rom support apu
ruh support kie move mun
sil move ber
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys move nap
ven support mun move tyr
vie support tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move war
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
apu support tys move ion
bal support ber
bar support fin move stp
ber support lvn move pru
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
con move aeg
eas support gre move ion
fin move stp
gre move ion
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun support tyr move boh
nap support tys move ion
nwy support fin move stp
pie move tyr
rom support ven
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ion move adr
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support mun move sil
boh support mun move sil
bot move lvn
eas move ion
gal move boh
gre support eas move ion
ion move adr
mos support lvn
mun move sil
nap support tys move ion
nwy move fin
pie support tyr
pru support lvn
rom support ven
sil support pru
stp hold
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr support boh
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Army sev
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
apu support tys move ion
bal support fin move lvn
ber support mun move sil
boh move vie
bot convoy fin move lvn
eas move ion
fin move lvn
gal move sil
gre support eas move ion
lvn support pru
mos support lvn
mun move sil
nap support tys move ion
pie move tyr
pru support lvn
sev move rum
sil move pru
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support pru
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
apu support tys move ion
bal move pru
bar support bot move stp
ber support mun move sil
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bur move mar
eas move ion
gal support vie
gre support eas move ion
lvn support sil move pru
mos support war
mun move sil
nap support tys move ion
par move bur
pru support war
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move war
stp move mos
tri support boh move vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie support rum move bud
war support mos
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army sev
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ion
bal support ber move pru
bar support bot move stp
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot support lvn
bre move eng
bud support vie
bur move mar
eas move ion
gal support vie
gre support eas move ion
ion support tri move alb
lvn support sil move war
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move ruh
nap support ion
pru support war
ruh move bur
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil move war
stp move mos
tri move alb
tun support ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ser move tri
war support pru
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pru move sil
war move ukr
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support gre
alb support tri
apu support tun move ion
bal move ber
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud support ser
bur move mun
eas support aeg
eng move nth
gal move war
gre support aeg
ion hold
lvn support war
mos support gal move war
nap support tun move ion
pie move ven
pru support war
ruh move bel
ser support bud
sev support mos
sil support gal move war
stp move mos
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
vie support bud
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove rom
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
apu support ion
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh support mun move sil
kie move mun
lvn support stp move mos
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap support ion
pru support war
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri support boh move vie
tun support ion
tyr support boh move vie
ven support tri
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
