PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre hold
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev hold
smy move arm
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul move gre
den hold
fin move swe
lvn move war
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move ukr
sev move arm
sil support mun move ber
tys move tun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move ruh
ber support sil move pru
bla support ser move rum
bre move eng
con move bul
den move swe
gre support con move bul
kie move hol
lon hold
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie move mar
pru support war move sil
rom move tys
rum support war move sev
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil move pru
swe support edi move den
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support pru move sil
bla support arm move sev
bul hold
den move hel
edi hold
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
lon hold
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
nth support ska move den
pie move mar
pru move sil
ruh move bel
rum hold
sev move bla
ska move den
stp move mos
swe support ska move den
tys move gol
ukr move war
war support stp move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
remove swe
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla hold
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move hel
edi move yor
gal move sil
gre move bul
hol support ber move kie
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mos move lvn
nth support bel move hol
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum move ser
sev move mos
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
mos move ukr
sil move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber support kie
bla hold
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support mar move gas
con move bul
gas move mar
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie hold
lon hold
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support lvn move war
nth support yor move den
pie support mar
ruh move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move por
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
war support sev move mos
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
ser move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber hold
bla move con
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
eng move iri
hel support yor move hol
kie support ber
lon hold
lvn move mos
mid move bre
mar hold
mos hold
mun support sil move ber
nth convoy yor move hol
pie support mar
por move spa/nc
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser hold
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
ukr support rum move gal
vie move bud
war support stp move mos
wes support spa/sc move mid
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
mos move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support ruh move kie
bre hold
bul move rum
con move aeg
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hel move den
hol support nth move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move wal
lvn support mos move war
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos move war
mun support ruh move kie
nth move bel
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
spa/nc support mar move gas
tri support bud
ukr support gal move war
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ion disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
gal support ukr move war
gas move par
gre move ion
ion move adr
lvn support war
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move boh
nap move ion
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
spa/nc move mid
stp support mos
tri support bud
tun support nap move ion
ukr move war
vie move gal
war support vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
bel move eng
boh support sil move gal
bre support bel move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur move bel
edi move cly
eng support bur move bel
gal support rum move bud
gre hold
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move hol
lvn move pru
lvp move nat
mid support par move bre
mos move sev
nap hold
par move bre
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tun move ion
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre move gas
mos move stp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hol
remove lon
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
remove stp
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bel move hol
boh move mun
bre move par
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
cly hold
con move bul
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gas hold
gre support smy move aeg
ion move nap
kie move den
lvn support pru move war
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mos move stp
nap move apu
nth hold
pic hold
pru move war
rom move tus
rum move ukr
ser hold
smy move aeg
tri move ser
tun move ion
ukr move mos
ven move adr
vie support bud
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
bud move rum
bul move ser
cly hold
con move bul
eng move nth
gal support bud move rum
gre support aeg move ion
ion support adr move alb
lon support eng move nth
lvn move pru
mos hold
mun move kie
nth hold
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sil move war
stp support mos
tus move pie
vie move boh
wal move yor
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tun
nth disband
rum move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army rom
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move tri
apu support nap move ion
boh move gal
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
den move swe
gal move ukr
gre support ion
hol move edi
kie move ber
lon move wal
mos move war
nap move ion
nth convoy hol move edi
par move bur
pru support war move sil
rom move ven
rum support gal move ukr
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil support boh move gal
stp move lvn
tri support ser
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move eas
sil move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb support eas move ion
apu support ion
ber hold
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support bul
eas move ion
gal move ukr
gre support eas move ion
ion hold
lvn move mos
mun support ber
nth move nwy
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
rum support ukr move sev
ser support tri move alb
sev move ukr
sil move war
swe move fin
tri move alb
tun support ion
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
war support sev move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove cly
remove nat
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army smy
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ion
alb move gre
apu move ion
ber support mun move sil
boh move gal
bud move gal
fin move stp
ion move aeg
lvp move nat
mun move sil
nap support apu move ion
nwy move swe
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move mos
tun support apu move ion
tyr move boh
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
ber move kie
boh move vie
bud move tri
bul hold
con support bul
ion move eas
nat move nrg
nap move ion
rom move apu
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move mun
swe hold
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eas disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
