PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move eng
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support bud move tri
sev hold
tri move vie
ven move tri
wal hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bel hold
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move ser
den hold
edi move nth
gal move vie
gre support nap move ion
hol move nth
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap move ion
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
wal hold
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
ank move arm
bel move pic
bre support pic
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
gre hold
hel move den
hol move nth
ion move tun
lon move eng
gol move mar
mun move ber
nwy hold
pic move par
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
sil move ber
ska support edi move nth
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bre move pic
bul move ser
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol move kie
kie move ber
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy hold
par support bre move pic
pic move par
pie move mar
por move spa
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
sil move ber
ska support den move swe
swe hold
tri move bud
tun move wes
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army/dislodged pic
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pic move bel
swe move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
bal move swe
bel move pic
bla move con
bud support ser move rum
bul move gre
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
eng move nth
gal support rum
hol move nth
ion move gre
kie move ber
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
mun support kie move ber
nwy support bal move swe
par support pic
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move nwy
spa move por
swe support ska move nwy
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
remove war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bal support sil move ber
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move bre
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move ber
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support ber
nap move ion
nwy hold
par support pic
pie move mar
rom move nap
rum support bud move ser
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move nwy
spa/sc move mid
swe support ska move nwy
tri hold
vie move gal
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nth
sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
bal move den
bel move pic
ber hold
bla move rum
bre support pic
bul move ser
bur support bel move pic
eas move smy
eng move mid
gal move war
gre support bul move ser
hol move nth
kie move den
mid move por
mos move sev
mun support pru move ber
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy move stp/nc
par support bre
por support eng move mid
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bla move rum
spa support mid move por
swe move bal
tri hold
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
ser move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pic
remove sil
remove tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move smy
bal move den
bel move pic
ber move pru
bre support par
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support bel move pic
con move bul/sc
edi hold
eng move bel
gal support bud move rum
gre support con move bul
ion move eas
lvp move edi
mar support spa move gas
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move nwy
por support wes move mid
rum support con move bul
ser move bud
sev hold
smy hold
spa move gas
stp/nc move bar
swe support nth move nwy
ven move pie
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
rum move bla
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla move con
bre support par
bud move rum
bul/sc support bla move con
bur move bel
den hold
eas move smy
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre move ser
ion move aeg
kie move den
mid support gas move bre
mar move gas
mos move war
par support bre
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru move war
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev support bud move rum
sil support pru move war
smy move con
stp hold
swe support kie move den
tri hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bel support kie move hol
bre support par move gas
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
con support arm move smy
den move kie
eas support aeg
gas support mar move bur
gre move ser
hol move nth
kie move hol
lvp move edi
mid move eng
mar move bur
nwy move nth
par move gas
pic support bre
pie move mar
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil move pru
smy move con
spa/nc move mid
swe move nwy
tri move adr
ukr support bud move rum
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gas move spa
hol move hel
smy move syr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
bel hold
bre support gas move par
bud support ukr move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mun
con support smy
eas support aeg move smy
eng support mid move bre
gas support bre
gre move ser
hol support bel
kie move mun
mid move bre
mar support spa move gas
nwy hold
pic move par
pru move lvn
rum hold
ser support ukr move rum
sev support rum
smy hold
spa move gas
swe move den
syr support aeg move smy
ukr move rum
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove hel
build Army mun
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move kie
bre support eng move pic
bud move rum
bur move par
con move bul/sc
den move nth
eas move aeg
edi hold
eng move pic
gas support bur move par
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion support eas move aeg
kie move ruh
lvn move mos
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move bur
nwy support den move nth
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
smy support eas move aeg
stp move mos
syr support smy
ukr support bud move rum
ven move tyr
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
alb move tri
bel support ruh move bur
bre move eng
bul/sc move aeg
con hold
gal move bud
gas support mar move bur
gre support bul/sc move aeg
hol move ruh
ion support ser move gre
kie move hol
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos hold
mun hold
nth move lon
nrg support lvp move edi
nwy hold
par support mar move bur
pic support bre move eng
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy support aeg
stp move mos
syr move eas
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nth
gre move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove nth
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
bel support ruh move bur
ber move sil
bud move rum
bul/sc support con
bur move bel
con hold
eas move aeg
edi move yor
eng support bur move bel
gal move vie
gas support par move bur
gre support rum move bul
hol support bel
ion move alb
kie move den
lon hold
mos move stp
mun hold
nrg support stp move nwy
nwy support mos move stp
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
ruh move bur
rum move bul
sev support bud move rum
smy support aeg move con
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move ank
stp disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank move con
bel hold
bul hold
bur move mun
con move bla
den move nth
eng support yor move lon
gas move bur
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion move alb
lon support den move nth
mun move bur
nrg move nth
nwy support den move nth
pic support bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy support aeg move con
tri support vie move bud
tyr support bur move mun
vie move bud
war move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bla move sev
bud support gre move ser
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con hold
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move alb
lon hold
mos move sev
mun support tyr move boh
nap move tys
nth support nwy move nrg
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move nrg
pic support bel
rom move tus
ruh support ber move mun
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
sil support ber move mun
smy support con
stp move lvn
tri support gre move ser
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
nth move den
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel support kie move hol
bla support con move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support tyr move mun
con move ank
den support ruh move kie
eng hold
gre hold
hol hold
kie move hol
lon move yor
lvn move war
lvp hold
mos move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move nth
pic support bel
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
sil move ber
smy hold
tri support bud move ser
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys move ion
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move ruh
mun move sil
nwy move bar
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
remove war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move sev
bar hold
bel move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bud hold
bul move ser
bur support bel move ruh
den move nth
eng move lon
gre hold
hol support mun move kie
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move kie
nap move ion
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pic move eng
rom move tys
ruh support kie
rum support bul move ser
ser support alb move gre
sil move boh
smy support ion move aeg
tri move vie
ven move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
bar move nwy
ber support kie
bla support ank move arm
boh support mun
bur move ruh
den move nth
eng move lon
gre move bul/sc
hol support ruh move kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie hold
mun support ruh move kie
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tys move wes
vie support tri move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
