PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp hold
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move bel
eng move bel
ion move gre
kie move hol
lvp hold
mid move por
nth move hol
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bud move rum
spa move mar
tri move ven
ukr move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support sev
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move bel
eng move bre
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move kie
nth move nwy
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
ruh support kie move hol
rum support bud move gal
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe hold
tri move adr
ukr move sev
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
arm support sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
edi move lvp
eng move bre
gal move war
gas move mar
hol move bel
kie move hol
mos support rum move sev
nwy hold
pie hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war support ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
bur move pic
den move nth
edi hold
eng move mid
gal move sil
gre move apu via convoy
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move apu
lvp hold
mar move bur
mos move sev
nap hold
pie move gol
rom hold
ruh support ber move mun
rum move gal
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support rum move gal
ven move tus
war support stp move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bel move lon via convoy
bla move con
bre move mid
bur hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support sil move war
ion move nap
kie move den
lvp hold
gol move wes
mid move por
mar move spa
mos support war
nap hold
nth convoy bel move lon
nwy hold
rom hold
ruh move bel
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support mos
swe move den
tun hold
tus support ven move rom
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move rom
war support mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap disband
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet smy
remove swe
build Army tri
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
apu move nap
bel support mun move bur
ber move bal
bur hold
con move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move war
kie move ruh
lon move yor
lvn support mos
lvp hold
gol move mar
mid support spa move por
mos support lvn
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support lon move yor
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
sev move mos
smy move eas
spa move por
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus move pie
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move pic
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
eas move ion
ion move tun
lvn support mos
gol move mar
mid move wes
mos support lvn
nth support yor move edi
par hold
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
stp support mos
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support sev move mos
war support sev move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
ank move arm
ber move bal
boh move sil
bre move pic
bur move par
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
gol move mar
mos move lvn
nap move apu
nth move nrg
nwy hold
par support bre move pic
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
por move spa
pru support mos move lvn
ruh support mun
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tun move naf
tus move ven
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
war support ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move swe
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre hold
bur support pic move par
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support stp
ion move tun
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
gol move mar
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
naf support tun move wes
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy hold
par support bre
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
spa move gas
stp support fin
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
war support pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
ber move sil
bre move eng
bur support kie move mun
edi move lvp
gas support gol move mar
ion move tun
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
lvp hold
gol move mar
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf move mid
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
pru support mun move ber
ruh support kie move mun
sev move mos
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc hold
swe support nrg move nwy
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
stp disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gas move bre
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn move stp
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes move spa
mar support spa/sc
mun support kie move ber
par move bre
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp move fin
swe move bal
tun move wes
tyr support sil move mun
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
fin support stp move nwy
gas move bre
kie support mun
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move stp
naf move mid
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support mun
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
tys move gol
war move sil
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
edi support nrg move cly
eng support gas move bre
fin move swe
gas move bre
kie support bal move ber
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mid move gas
mar support gol move spa
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nrg move cly
nwy support fin move swe
par move bre
pie support mar
pru support ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
spa/sc hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven move tus
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove eng
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
bre hold
bur move mun
cly support edi move lvp
con move smy
edi move lvp
gas move bre
ion convoy nap move tun
kie support bur move mun
lvp hold
gol convoy tus move spa
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move bur
mun support sil move ber
nap move tun via convoy
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por hold
pru support sil move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tus move spa via convoy
tyr support mun
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
lvp move wal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move tun
ank move arm
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
bur move pic
den support ber move kie
gas move bre
ion convoy smy move tun
gol move tys
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
pru move ber
sil move mun
smy move tun via convoy
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support den
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
wal hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
arm move sev
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur support gas move par
gas move par
ion move tun
kie support mun move ruh
mid move eng
mun move ruh
naf move spa via convoy
pic move bel
por move mid
smy move aeg
tri move adr
tun move naf
tyr move pie
vie move boh
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
boh move gal
bre move eng
bur move par
eng move lon
kie support ruh move hol
mid move iri
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
par move bre
pie move mar
ruh move hol
sev move mos
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove cly
remove lvp
build Army smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bud move ser
edi move lvp
gal move rum
hol support bel
ion move nap
sil move war
tri move alb
tys move nap
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bel hold
ber support kie
con move bul
eng move pic
hol support bel
ion move nap
iri move eng
kie hold
lon move nth
mid convoy naf move gas
naf move gas via convoy
nth move hel
par support bre
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
smy move con
swe support den
tun move tys
tys move nap
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
