PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
lon move eng
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
tys move tun
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move mun
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
eng move mid
gal support vie move bud
gre move alb
hol move hel
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mun move tyr
nwy support lon move nth
rum support sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move vie
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move tri
nwy move nrg
rum move bla
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
arm support rum move sev
bla move ank
bud support sev move rum
bul move rum
gal support sev move rum
hel hold
kie move ber
mid move por
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pic move par
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support tri move bud
sev support gal move rum
sil move boh
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie support tri move bud
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move arm
arm move bla
ber support mun
bla move sev
boh move sil
bud support vie
con support arm move bla
gal move ukr
hel move den
kie move bal
mun support par move bur
nth support hel move den
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie support tyr move ven
por move mid
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move ven
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move ank
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal support den move swe
bar support yor move nwy
ber support mun
bud support vie move gal
bur move mar
con support arm move ank
den move swe
eas move ion
ion move tun
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom support tus move ven
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support ukr move mos
tri move alb
tus move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven support pie move tus
vie move gal
yor move nwy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum
bal move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move rum
bud support gal
con move aeg
edi move nth
gal support rum move ukr
ion move nap
kie move mun
mar support tus move pie
mos support war
mun move sil
nth move eng
nwy move stp
rom hold
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
stp support mos
swe move bot
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
tus move pie
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support stp
bla move con
bot move swe
bud support gal
eng move bel
fin move swe
gal support sil move war
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
mos support war
mun move sil
nap hold
nth move den
pie support tyr move ven
pru support sil move war
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
stp hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move nwy
bel move hol
bot move swe
bud support gal
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nrg
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn move bal
lvp move iri
mar move gas
mos move war
nap support ven move rom
pie move mar
pru support war
rom move apu
sev move rum
sil support war
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
tri move ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven move rom
vie support bud
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move nap
bal support bot move swe
bel support nth move hol
bot move swe
bud support gal
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
eas move ion
gal support bud
gas support pie move mar
iri move mid
kie move hol
mos support ukr move war
nap support tys move rom
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru support war
rom support ven
rum move ser
sil move mun
spa/sc move mar
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven support rom
vie support gal
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove mun
build Army smy
remove tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal support kie move den
bel support edi move hol
bot move swe
bud support alb move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre move alb
hol move hel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
mid support spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move swe
pru support war
rom support ven
ser support bul move rum
smy move con
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tys support nap move rom
ukr support bul move rum
ven support rom
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
ser move gre
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal support bot move swe
bel move pic
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
edi move yor
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support bul move ser
hel support ska move den
mid support spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
mos support ukr move war
nap support tys move rom
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
pru support war
rom hold
rum support bul move ser
ser support gal move rum
ska move den
spa/sc hold
tri support ser
tun support tys
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven support rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move den
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move bal
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
gas move par
gre support bul move ser
hel support yor move hol
kie support bal move den
mid support spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move war
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move swe
pic support eng move bre
pru move lvn
rom hold
rum support ukr move gal
ser support bud move rum
spa/sc hold
swe support kie move den
tri support ser
tun move ion
tys move nap
ukr move gal
ven support rom
war hold
yor move hol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
apu move nap
bud support tri
bul support rum
bur move mar
den hold
gal move ukr
gre support ser
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie support den
lvn move mos
mid move spa/sc
mos hold
nap move tys
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
rom move nap
rum hold
ser hold
ska move den
spa/sc move mar
swe support den
tri support bud
ukr support mos
ven support tri
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
kie move ber
mos move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
apu move ven
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bud support tri
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
den support nwy move swe
gal support bud
gre move ser
hel support kie
kie hold
lon move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rom support ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support ukr move mos
spa/sc move mar
stp support ukr move mos
tri support bud
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
swe move bot
tri disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move nap
bal support bot move swe
bel hold
ber move kie
bot move swe
bud support gal
bul move ser
bur support bel
den support swe
eng support hol move bel
gal support bud
hel support kie
hol move bel
kie hold
mar hold
mos support sev move ukr
nth support hol move bel
rom support ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil support ber
spa/sc support mar
swe hold
tri support adr move ven
tys support apu move nap
ven support rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove sil
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal move pru
bel move bur
ber support ruh move mun
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud support gal
bul move rum
con move bul
den move bal
edi move hol
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support bud
gre move alb
hel move kie
kie move mun
lon move pic
lvp move yor
mos support ukr move war
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move hol
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
smy move aeg
swe support den move bal
tri support adr move ven
tys support nap move rom
ukr move war
ven support rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move ber
ber move kie
bot move bal
bud support gal
bul move ser
bur support kie move mun
eng move mid
gal support bud
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move mun
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move par
pru support bot move bal
rom hold
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
spa/sc move mar
swe move bot
tri move adr
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven support alb move tri
war support ukr move gal
yor move nwy
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet/dislodged bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bud move vie
gal move boh
mun disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bal
remove boh
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pru
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move con
ber hold
bot move lvn
bud move vie
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move sil
hel move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move hol
lvn move pru
lvp move iri
mid move naf
mar move gol
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie move tus
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser move bud
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp support bot move lvn
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
ven move adr
vie hold
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
apu move nap
ber move sil
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
fin move stp
gal move boh
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move den
lvn move bot
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth move eng
pie move tus
pru support stp move lvn
rom support tys
sil support gal move boh
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
vie support gal move boh
war support sil
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
