PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
hol support pic move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa hold
stp move nwy
tus move pie
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move sev
vie move boh
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul support bla move rum
con move bla
den hold
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie support mun
lon move bel
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move tys
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ukr support sev move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
arm move smy
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support ukr move rum
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den hold
eng support hol move nth
gal support boh move sil
hol move nth
kie support den
lon hold
gol hold
mid move naf
mos support sev
mun support ber move sil
nth move bel
nrg move edi
pie move mar
ser move bul
sev hold
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move tus
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move wal
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move tyr
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den hold
edi move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move boh
gre support con move bul
kie support den
lon hold
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun support ber move sil
naf move mid
nth move lon
nwy hold
pie move mar
rum hold
sev support rum
smy hold
spa move mar
stp/sc move fin
swe move ska
tus move pie
tys support wes move gol
war move sil
wes move gol
yor support edi move nth
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nth move bel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
bel support kie move hol
bla support gre move bul
boh move mun
bul support ser move gre
bur move mar
con support gre move bul
den hold
eng move mid
fin move bot
gre move bul
kie move hol
lon move wal
gol convoy tus move spa
mid move naf
mun hold
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pie hold
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev hold
sil support mun
ska move nwy
smy support con
spa support bur move mar
tus move spa via convoy
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move gal
wal move lvp
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
mun move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
bel move eng
bla support bul
bot move bal
bre support bel move eng
bul hold
con support bul
den hold
eng move bre
gal move sil
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
kie support den
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa
mar hold
mun hold
naf move tun
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy support con
spa support mar
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tus move pie
tyr support mun
wal move lvp
war support gal move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move nth
mar move bur
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move ion
arm move ank
bal support sil move ber
ber hold
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bul move con
bur support spa move mar
con move bul/sc
den hold
eng move lon
gre move bul
kie support ber
lvp move wal
gol support mar move spa
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support sil move ber
nth move bel
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pie move mar
ruh support kie
rum move sev
sil move ber
smy move ank
spa move mar
tun hold
tyr support mun
wal move lon
war move ukr
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
spa move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pru
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm move sev
bal support ber move kie
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move rum
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den support kie
edi hold
eng move bel
gas support por move spa
gre move bul
ion move eas
kie hold
gol support mar
mid support por move spa
mar hold
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nrg move nat
por move spa/sc
sev move arm
smy move ank
spa move naf via convoy
stp/nc move bar
tri support tyr move ven
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
wal move lvp
war move sil
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
kie move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank move con
arm move bla
bal support kie
bar move nrg
bel support ruh move hol
bla support ank move con
bul hold
bur support gas move mar
con move ank
den hold
eas move smy
edi support nat move lvp
gas move mar
hol move bel
kie hold
lvp move edi
gol support mar
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mun support kie
naf move tun
nat move lvp
ruh move hol
sev hold
sil support mun
smy support ank move con
spa/sc support gas move mar
tri move ven
tun move wes
tys support naf move tun
ukr move rum
ven move rom
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move nth
lvp move yor
smy move syr
tun move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
remove ion
remove mar
build Fleet stp/nc
remove syr
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
remove wes
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move smy
ank hold
arm move bla
bal support kie move den
bel support hol
bud move tri
bul move smy via convoy
bur support gas move mar
con support arm move ank
den hold
edi move yor
gas move mar
hol hold
kie move den
lvp move wal
gol support tun move tus
mid move wes
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg move nth
rom support ven
rum hold
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
tys convoy tun move tus
ven support rom
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support eas move ion
ank hold
arm move ank
bal support ber move kie
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bur hold
con support arm move ank
den hold
eas move ion
gal move boh
hol hold
gol move tus
mar hold
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move edi
rom move nap
rum hold
smy support arm move ank
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri move bud
tun move nap via convoy
tyr move pie
tys convoy tun move nap
ven move rom
wal support yor move lon
wes support spa/sc move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
remove nth
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
remove tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move bot
bel move nth
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon hold
gol convoy mar move naf
mar move naf
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom support apu move nap
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move adr
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven move tus
wal move eng
wes convoy mar move naf
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move ven
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bar move nrg
bel support hol
bot support stp move fin
bre move eng
bul move con
bur move mar
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nth
hol support bel
ion support tun
gol move mar
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support tus move rom
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
rom support tys move nap
stp move fin
swe hold
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move boh
tys move nap
ven support tus move rom
vie move gal
wal move eng
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
remove tys
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel support hol
boh move sil
bot move bal
bre move eng
bur move mar
con move bul
fin move swe
gal hold
hol support bel
ion move tys
gol move tys
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth move hel
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
pie move mar
rom move tus
smy move con
swe move den
tri move bud
tun support ion move tys
ven move tyr
vie hold
wal move eng
war move pru
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel move eng
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move mar
con hold
den move kie
gal move bud
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
ion support tun
kie move hol
mun hold
naf support tys move tun
nat move iri
nap move tys
nth support kie move hol
pie move mar
rom move tus
swe move den
tun support nap move tys
tus move ven
tyr move boh
tys move tun
vie hold
wal move eng
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove ruh
build Army sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
hol support lon move bel
ion move tun
iri support wal move eng
kie move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
mid move nat
mun move ruh
naf support tun
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move mar
ser move bud
sev move ukr
swe move nwy
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wal move eng
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
boh move mun
bud support ser
bul support ser
bur move mar
den move kie
eng move bre
hol support kie move ruh
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
gol support tys move wes
mid move iri
mun move ruh
naf support tun
nat support mid move iri
nth support bel
nwy move nrg
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
ser support bul
tun hold
tyr support vie
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie support bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove naf
remove pic
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
