PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move tri
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun hold
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move ser
con move bul
gas move por via convoy
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid convoy gas move por
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
rom support ven
sev move bla
sil move ber
spa hold
tri move ser
ven support rom
vie move boh
war move pru
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
bre move mid
bul move rum
con move bul
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie support ber
lon move nth
mid move nat
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
par move pic
por move spa
pru move ber
rom move ven
sev move bla
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe move fin
tri move ser
tun move ion
ven move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
ber move sil
boh move mun
bul move ser
den hold
gas move lvp via convoy
gre hold
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid convoy gas move lvp
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nat convoy gas move lvp
nth move ska
nwy support stp/nc
pic hold
pru move ber
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre
sev move bla
sil support boh move mun
spa move mar
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tyr move vie
tys support ion
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove gre
build Fleet nap
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot support mos move stp
bre move eng
bud support boh move vie
con move bul
den hold
ion move alb
kie move ber
lvp move yor
mid support bre move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move boh
nat move nrg
nap move ion
pic move bur
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ser support aeg move gre
sev move bla
smy move aeg
tri support vie
tys support nap move ion
ven move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tri
ank move bla
ber move pru
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud support boh move vie
bul support gre
den move swe via convoy
eng move lon
gre support aeg move ion
ion support alb
lvn move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move boh
nrg support yor move edi
pic hold
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move bla
sil move war
stp support bot move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
tys support ion
vie move bud
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move mun
bot move swe
bul move rum
den move kie
edi hold
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tun
lon move nth
lvn support war
mar move gol
mun move boh
nrg support lon move nth
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move tus
pru support sil move war
rum move ukr
sev move bla
sil move war
smy move eas
stp move fin
tri support vie move bud
tyr move ven
tys support alb move ion
vie move bud
war hold
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ion
ank move bla
bel move pic
boh move gal
bud hold
bur support pic move bel
eas move ion
edi move hol via convoy
fin support swe move nwy
gre support eas move ion
kie move hol
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru support sil move war
rum support ukr move sev
ser hold
sev move bla
sil move war
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move rom
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven move rom
war hold
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move ion
ank move bla
bel move pic
ber move kie
bud hold
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
edi hold
fin move nwy
gal move ukr
gre support ion
kie move den
gol support wes
mos hold
mun move bur
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy move ska
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev support rum move ukr
tri support bud
tun support alb move ion
tus move pie
tys support alb move ion
ukr support mos
ven move rom
war support gal move ukr
wes support gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
bla support sev
bul move rum
bur move mun
edi move hol via convoy
eng support pic move bel
gal move ukr
gre support ion move alb
ion move alb
lvn support war move mos
gol support wes
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
nap support alb move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move den via convoy
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
ska convoy nwy move den
tri support bud
tun support alb move ion
tys support alb move ion
ukr move sev
war move mos
wes support gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move adr
mos move stp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove ska
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
bel move ruh
bla support sev
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur support bel move ruh
den move kie
eng move nth
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hol support bel move ruh
ion move eas
kie move ruh
lvn move stp
gol support wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth move ska
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie move tyr
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
stp hold
tri support bud
tun support nap move ion
tys support nap move ion
ven support tri
wes support gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
stp disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move smy
bla move rum
bud support ser move tri
bur move mun
den hold
eas move smy
gas move bur
gre move ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion move adr
kie move hol
gol support wes
mid move naf
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth support ska move den
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support bla move rum
ska move den
stp move fin
swe move fin
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys
tyr support bur move mun
tys support tun
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move sil
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet smy
remove tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg support gre move ion
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bur move bel
den support kie
eas move aeg
gal move vie
gre move ion
hol move ruh
ion support eas move aeg
kie support mun move ber
gol support wes
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf support wes
nth move ska
par move pic
ruh support ber move kie
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support ukr move mos
smy hold
stp move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move mun
tys support ion
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie support tri
wes support naf
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move gre
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bud support ser move tri
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
eas support ion
eng move nth
gre move alb
hol support bel move ruh
ion move adr
kie support mun
gol support wes
mos hold
mun support bel move ruh
naf support wes
nwy hold
pic move bel
rum move bla
ser move tri
ska support den move swe
stp hold
swe move fin
tri support ven
tyr support tri
tys support ion
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
wes support gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove fin
build Army mar
remove tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
alb move ion
bel move nwy via convoy
ber move pru
bla move con
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
eas move aeg
gre support alb move ion
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move sil
naf support wes
nth convoy bel move nwy
nwy hold
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sev move ukr
ska support bel move nwy
stp move fin
swe support bel move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
ven support tri move tyr
vie support ser move tri
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
tri move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move smy
alb support tyr move tri
ber move sil
bud move ser
bur support kie move mun
con move aeg
eas support aeg move smy
eng move nth
gre support con move aeg
ion move nap
kie move mun
mar move pie
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pru support sil move war
sil move war
ska support nth move nwy
smy support con move aeg
swe support nth move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys support naf move tun
ukr support war
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move con
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
