PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
par move bur
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
eng move mid
hol move bel
kie move den
mid move bre
mun move ber
nth move nwy
pru move ber
ser support bud move rum
spa move por
tri move adr
ukr move gal
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
bre move eng
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gal move bud
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
kie move bal
lon move eng
mid support lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move spa
rum hold
ser support rum
smy move eas
tri move ven
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
bal convoy den move lvn
bel move pic
ber move pru
bre support pic
bud move tri
bul support gre move ser
bur move bel
con support bul
den move lvn via convoy
eas move ion
eng convoy wal move bre
fin move swe
gre move ser
mid support wal move bre
mun move bur
pic support bur move bel
pru move lvn
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
ukr move rum
vie support ser move bud
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bre move gas
bud move gal
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
bal support ber move pru
bel hold
ber move pru
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
bur support eng move pic
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move pic
fin move swe
gas move bre
hol move bel
ion move tun
lon move eng
mid support bre move gas
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
pru move sil
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support bal move bot
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
bre support bur move par
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move par
eas move aeg
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move war
gas move spa/nc
gre move apu via convoy
hol support pic move bel
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move mun
mid move por
mar move bur
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
par support mar move bur
pic support bre
pru move sil
rom move ven
ser support bud
sil move mun
swe move fin
tri hold
tun hold
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove spa/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bot move stp/sc
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul hold
bur support bel move pic
fin move stp/sc
gas move spa
gre move alb
hol support pic move bel
ion move adr
kie move den
mid support por move spa
mos move war
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy support fin move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rom move apu
ser support gre move alb
sev hold
sil move gal
smy move eas
swe hold
tri hold
tun move tys
ven support tri
vie support tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
alb support ser move tri
apu move nap
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move kie
eas move ion
gal support bud move vie
gas move mar
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
mid move wes
mos move war
nap move tys
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy move nth
par move bur
pru support war
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun support ion move tys
ven support tri
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove hol
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mar
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
remove ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb move tri
apu move rom
bel move eng
bot support nwy move stp
bur support sil move mun
edi move nth
gal support war move ukr
gas move mar
ion support tys move nap
kie move ruh
lon support edi move nth
lvp move iri
mos support stp/sc move lvn
mun move kie
nap support apu move rom
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pru move war
ruh support mun move kie
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp/sc move lvn
tri move ven
tun move wes
tys move nap
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
nap move apu
ukr move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move bul/sc
apu move nap
ber move kie
boh move sil
bot move bal
bur move ruh
den move swe
eng move bel
gal support ukr move war
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie support ruh move hol
lon move nth
lvn move stp/sc
gol move tys
mos support lvn move stp
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth move hel
nwy support stp/nc
rom support apu move nap
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
tri move tyr
tun support ion move tys
ukr move war
ven support nap move rom
wes support gol move tys
