PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
bla hold
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
gal move vie
ion move tun
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
ruh move hol
sev hold
tri support adr move ven
tyr support ven
ukr move gal
ven hold
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
bel support ruh move hol
bla move con
bre move mid
bul support gre move ser
con move aeg
den support nwy move swe
gal move sil
gre move ser
kie support ruh move hol
lvp move cly
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
ser move bud
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr support ven
ven hold
vie move boh
war move pru
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
bel support bur
bud move rum
bur support mun
cly move nrg
con move bla
eas move aeg
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
ser move rum
spa/sc move wes
swe support yor move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move pie
tys support ion move tun
ven support tyr move pie
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nrg
gre support aeg move ion
kie move ber
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mun support ber move sil
naf support wes move tun
nth hold
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
ser support bul move rum
swe move fin
tun support tys
tys move gol
ven support pie
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support rum move sev
bud support gal move rum
bul support ser move rum
den hold
fin move swe
gal move rum
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move war
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support tri move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army mun
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber hold
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi move yor
gal move vie
gre move alb
ion move adr
kie move hol
gol move tys
mun move boh
naf support bre move mid
nat move iri
nap support rom
nrg move nth
pie move tus
rom support nap
ser move tri
sev support bul move rum
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun support gol move tys
tus move rom
tyr move vie
ven move apu
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support adr move tri
apu move ven
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul support gre move ser
den hold
gal move vie
gre move ser
hol hold
iri move nat
mid move bre
mos hold
naf move mid
nap support rom
nth hold
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum support gre move ser
ser move bul
sev support rum
stp/nc move bar
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move nap
war support ber move pru
yor move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
apu move ven
bar convoy edi move stp
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bre support mid
bud hold
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi move stp via convoy
gal support bud
hol hold
ion move nap
mid support bre
mos move sev
nap support rom
nth move nwy
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom support nap
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum move ukr
tri support pie move ven
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support ion move nap
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu move ven
bar hold
bel hold
bre move gas
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
gal move vie
hol hold
mid hold
mos hold
nat hold
nap support tus move rom
nrg hold
nwy move swe
rom hold
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move gal
stp support mos
tus move rom
tyr support vie
tys support tus move rom
ukr move gal
ven support tus move rom
vie hold
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla move sev
bre move pic
bud support ukr move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
gal support vie move bud
gas support mid
hol hold
lon hold
mid support gas
mar move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move tyr
nat move iri
nap move apu
nrg move nth
par move bur
rom move ven
rum support ukr move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
apu move ion
bel move bur
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
den hold
gal move vie
gas move bre
hol hold
iri move nat
lon hold
lvn move war
mid support gas move bre
mos support lvn move war
mun move boh
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie support ven
rum move gal
sil support war
spa/sc support mid
tri support gal move vie
tun move ion
tyr support vie
ukr support rum move gal
ven support pie
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
apu move ion
bel move hol
boh support war move gal
bre move pic
bud move vie
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
gal support vie move boh
hel move kie
hol hold
lon hold
lvn move war
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn move war
nat move nrg
nth support bel move hol
pie move tyr
rum support gal
ser move bud
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr hold
ukr support gal
ven support pie move tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move mun
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
apu move ion
boh move mun
bre support mid
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move kie
gal move boh
hol support kie
kie support lon move den
lon move den via convoy
mid support bre
mos support war
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ukr
ser move bud
sil support boh move mun
swe move bal
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support bur move mun
ukr hold
ven support tyr
vie support gal move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
apu move ion
bal move ber
bel support hol
ber hold
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud move vie
den support nwy move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support boh move sil
hol support bel
kie support bal move ber
lon hold
mid move bre
mar move spa/sc
mos support war
mun support ruh
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
ruh support mun
rum support ukr
ser move bud
swe move fin
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support ven
ukr hold
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
apu move ion
bel move nth
ber support kie
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur move ruh
den support kie
fin move stp/sc
gal support sil move war
hol support ruh move kie
kie support ber
lon support nth
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth support lon
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
rum support ukr
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support mun
ukr support sil move war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
remove fin
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
ank move arm
apu move ion
bel move nth
ber support kie
bur move bel
den support kie
edi move yor
eng support bel move nth
gal hold
hol support bel move nth
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move nat
mos hold
mun support ruh move kie
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
pic move bre
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil move ber
swe move ska
tun move ion
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
ven support tyr
vie support boh
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
arm move sev
bel move lon via convoy
ber support kie
bre move mid
den support kie
eng convoy bel move lon
gal move sil
hel support ska move nth
hol support ruh move kie
kie support ber
lon support wal move eng
mos support war move lvn
mun support ruh move kie
nat move lvp
nth support bel move lon
ruh move kie
sev move bla
sil move pru
ska move nth
stp move nwy
ukr move war
vie support boh
wal move eng
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move iri
nth move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove den
remove nwy
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb move tri
bel support hol
ber move pru
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bre support mid move eng
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move wal
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
iri support mid move eng
kie support hel move hol
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
lvp support iri
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth support yor move edi
par move pic
pru move sil
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil move mun
tri move ven
vie move tyr
war support pru move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nrg
mun move bur
ven move pie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support pie move ven
bel move hol
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
edi support wal move lvp
eng support hol move nth
hel support kie
hol move nth
iri support lvp move wal
kie support hel
lon move eng
lvn hold
lvp move wal
mos move stp
nth move nrg
nrg move edi
pic move bur
pie move ven
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
stp move fin
tri support adr move ven
tun move ion
tyr support pie move ven
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bre
build Army con
remove iri
remove nrg
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu move nap
bel move hol
ber hold
boh support mun
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move lvp
eng move lon
fin move swe
hel move hol
hol move nth
ion support apu move nap
kie support hel move hol
lon move wal
lvn move stp
nth support hel move hol
pic move bel
pie move tus
rom move apu
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
smy move eas
stp move fin
tri move ven
tyr support bur move mun
vie move tyr
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move alb
lon move yor
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move tri
apu move nap
bel move hol
ber hold
boh support mun
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
eas move ion
fin support stp move nwy
gre move alb
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support hol
lon support wal
mun support vie move tyr
nap move rom
nth support yor move lon
pic move bel
ruh support bel move hol
sil support mun
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tus support nap move rom
tyr support alb move tri
ven support adr move tri
vie move tyr
wal support lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
