PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy support ank move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move gre via convoy
bot move bal
con move aeg
den move swe
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move ber
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
rum support ser move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move con
tri move tyr
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
apu support ven
arm move ank
bal move swe
ber move sil
bul hold
bur move bel
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support ber move sil
nth move hel
nwy support bal move swe
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move pru
smy move eas
swe move fin
tri move adr
tyr support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move con
arm support bla move ank
bel support hol
bla move ank
bul support bla move con
con move smy
eas move aeg
eng move nth
fin move stp/sc
gre support bul
hel move kie
hol move kie
kie move ber
mun move ber
nth move hol
nwy move stp/nc
pru move war
rum move bla
sil move war
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support bul move con
arm move smy
bel support hel move hol
bla support bul move con
bre move mid
bul move con
con move ank
eng move nth
gre support adr move ion
hel move hol
hol move kie
kie support hel move hol
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mun support sil move ber
nth move nrg
nwy hold
par move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support war move sil
sil move ber
smy support con move ank
spa move mar
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank support con
arm move smy
bal support pru move ber
bel support bur move ruh
ber support mun
bla support con
bre move pic
bur move ruh
con support arm move smy
gre move bul/sc
hol support nth move bel
ion move nap
kie support bal move ber
lvn move stp
mid move naf
mun support ber
nth move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move wes
tus support ven move rom
tyr move pie
ven move rom
wal move iri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove naf
remove smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
arm move smy
bal move ber
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla support ank move con
bud move rum
bul/sc support con
bur move par
con move smy
edi move lon via convoy
hol support bel
ion move tun
iri support nat move mid
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mun hold
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move lon
pic move bre
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move bur
sil support ber move mun
stp move mos
tri move alb
tus move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bla move bul
alb move gre
arm move smy
bel move pic
bla move bul/ec
bul/sc move con
bur move ruh
con support bla move bul
eng support iri move mid
hol move kie
ion move eas
iri move mid
lon move bel via convoy
mid move gas
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy lon move bel
par support bre
pie move ven
ruh support lon move bel
rum support bul/sc
sil move boh
spa/sc move por
tun hold
tyr move boh
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
boh support war move gal
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul/ec support ukr move rum
bur support bre move pic
con support bul/ec
eas support gre move aeg
eng support pic move bre
gas support pic move bre
gre move aeg
kie hold
mid support pic move bre
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nth hold
par support bre move pic
pic move bre
por move mid
rom move apu
ruh move bur
rum support bud move gal
sev support ukr move rum
smy hold
spa move gas
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy apu move smy
apu move smy
bel move bur
boh support mun move tyr
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul/ec support rum
bur move gas
con support smy
eas support apu move smy
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
ion convoy apu move smy
mid support bur move gas
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
par support mar move bur
pic support gas move bre
por move mid
rum support ukr move gal
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy support con
spa support bre move gas
tri support tyr
tyr move boh
ukr move gal
vie support bud move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul/ec move bla
bur move mar
con support smy
eas move syr
eng support pic move bre
gas move mar
ion move aeg
lon move bel via convoy
mid move wes
mos move war
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
pic move bre
por move mid
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy support con
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven support tri move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
apu move ven
bel move pic
bla move con
bre support eng move mid
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bul/sc
eas support syr move smy
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas support ruh move bur
kie hold
mos move ukr
mun support pie move tyr
nth hold
par support bur move gas
pic move eng
pie move tyr
por move spa/nc
ruh move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil support war move gal
smy support bla move con
spa move mar
syr move smy
tyr support vie move boh
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move ank
tyr move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank support con
boh support vie move gal
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc support con
bur move par
con support bul/sc
edi move bel via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre move ser
kie hold
lon move bre via convoy
mid move wes
mar support gas move bur
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy edi move bel
par support gas move bur
pic support lon move bre
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev move bla
sil move boh
spa/nc move mid
tri support ven move tyr
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
tyr move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move smy
bel support ruh move bur
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bre support eng move mid
bud support boh move vie
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng move mid
gre support aeg move bul
kie hold
lon move hol via convoy
mar move spa
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pic support ruh move bur
pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bud
ser support bul/sc move gre
smy move con
spa/nc move por
tri move bud
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move gal
vie support tri move bud
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
kie move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank move smy
bel move ruh
boh support gal move vie
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
bur move mun
con support ank move smy
den support hol move kie
gal move vie
gre move aeg
hol move kie
kie move den
mid hold
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move nwy
pic hold
pie move tyr
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser move tri
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
tri support vie
tyr move ven
vie support tri
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
smy move eas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support stp move nwy
bla move bul/ec
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con support smy
den move hel
eas move ion
gre move ion
hel move nth
kie support ruh move hol
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun support sil move ber
nap hold
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support spa
ruh move hol
ser support bud move tri
smy support con
spa support pie move mar
stp move nwy
tri support ven
tyr support mun
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
tri disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove eas
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel support hol
bla move con
boh support mun
bul move gre
con move aeg
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gre move alb
hel move den
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon support eng move nth
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nap support tys move ion
nth move ska
nwy move fin
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil move ber
smy hold
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support hel move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move adr
bar support nwy
bel move nwy via convoy
boh support mun
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support swe
edi move nrg
fin move swe
gal move sil
gre hold
hol hold
ion hold
kie support bur move mun
lon support nth
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy bel move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
ska support fin move swe
smy hold
spa/sc move gol
swe support bel move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support mun
tys move rom
ven support rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel support par move bur
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
den move ska
eas move ion
fin support nwy move swe
gre hold
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support mun
lon move eng
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mun support pie move tyr
nap support ion
nth support den move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sil support ber move mun
ska support nwy move swe
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den move ska
tri move ven
tyr support ber move mun
ven move apu
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
swe move den
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bar support nwy
bel move bur
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
fin support nwy
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
gol move tys
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
sil support boh move mun
ska support nrg move nwy
swe support nwy
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move ven
ven move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
