PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul via convoy
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy support con
stp/sc move lvn
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
bud move ser
bul hold
eng move mid
gal move boh
hol hold
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
lvn move pru
nth convoy edi move nwy
ruh hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move con
ukr move sev
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move tri
bul move con
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move aeg
ion move tys
mid hold
mos move lvn
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
pru move bal
ser move gre
tri move adr
tun move naf
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy gre move smy
bal move swe
bul hold
gre move smy via convoy
lvn move pru
mid move por
naf move spa
nth move bel
nwy move swe
pie support ven
sev move ukr
tri move alb
tys move gol
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move nap via convoy
bal move swe
bel move pic
boh move vie
bul move con
edi move nth
ion convoy alb move nap
lon move eng
lvp move edi
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
smy support bul move con
tri move adr
ukr move gal
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move con
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
eng support pic move bre
ion hold
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pru move sil
smy move ank
spa/sc support mar
tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
bel move bur
bre move mid
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
con move bla
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
ion move tun
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
spa/sc support mar
swe hold
tri move vie
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support pic move par
eng move bel
ion move tys
iri move mid
mid move spa/sc
nth move bel
nwy move stp
pic move par
rom hold
spa/sc move wes
swe support nwy
tun hold
tyr support vie
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
bud move gal
bur hold
edi move bel via convoy
eng convoy lon move naf
lon move naf via convoy
mid convoy lon move naf
nth convoy edi move bel
par move gas
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev hold
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
vie move boh
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh move mun
bur support gas move mar
con move aeg
fin move stp
gal move war
gas move mar
lvn move war
gol move tus
mid hold
naf move tun
nth support bel move hol
sev move mos
spa/sc move wes
tus hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bud move gal
bur move mun
den move kie
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move war
hol move kie
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move mos
lvp move edi
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun hold
nth convoy edi move hol
pie hold
ruh move bel
spa/sc move wes
stp support lvn move mos
tri move adr
tun hold
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys support wes move tun
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
boh move sil
gal support boh move sil
ion support tun
mun hold
pie move mar
sev move mos
tun hold
tyr support mun
tys support tun
ukr support sev move mos
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
