PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
den move nth
edi move lon
eng move wal
gal move war
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
nth convoy edi move lon
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
sev move rum
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move adr
ukr move war
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move rum via convoy
bel hold
ber move bal
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move eng
bud move vie
con support gre move bul
den move ska
gal move war
gre move bul
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move yor
mos support rum move sev
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move eng
nrg move nat
por move spa
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev support ank move rum
stp move nwy
swe move ska
tun move naf
ukr move war
ven move pie
wal move lvp
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move sev
bal move bot
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bul support rum
con hold
den move nth
gal move war
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move den
lvp hold
mos move war
naf hold
nat move lvp
nth move eng
pie hold
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr support sev
vie move gal
yor support nat move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bla move con
bot move bal
bul move rum
bur support mar
cly support den move edi
con move bul
den move edi via convoy
eng move bre
gal support rum move ukr
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move hel
lvp move cly
gol support naf move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos support ukr move sev
naf move spa via convoy
nth convoy den move edi
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tri move ven
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
war hold
wes convoy naf move spa
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move den
boh move mun
bre hold
bur support mar
cly move edi
con move aeg
den move kie
gal move vie
hel move nth
ion move nap
lvp move cly
gol support pie move mar
mid move iri
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move rom
nth move lon
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
sev support mos move ukr
spa support pie move mar
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tyr support ven
ukr support arm move sev
ven hold
war support mos move ukr
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
sev move mos
ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove cly
remove iri
remove spa
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move pic
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur move mar
den move nth
gal move war
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon move wal
lvn support war
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mar move spa
mos support ukr
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy move nrg
rom move tus
rum support sev
sev hold
tri move vie
tun support gol move tys
tyr support vie move boh
ukr hold
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support ukr
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh support tyr move mun
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bla
den move nth
edi hold
gal support sev move ukr
gas move spa
ion support nap move tys
iri move lvp
kie move mun
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mid move por
mar hold
mos support ukr
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move yor
nwy move nrg
pic move bre
pie support bur move mar
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support mun move boh
tun support gol move tys
tus hold
tyr move mun
ukr hold
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gol
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army tri
remove tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla convoy con move sev
boh support war move gal
bre support par move gas
bud move vie
con move sev via convoy
edi move lvp
gal support sev move ukr
gas move bur
gre move bul
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lvn move war
mar move bur
mos support ukr
mun support boh
nap move tys
nth move eng
nrg move edi
par move gas
pie support tyr
por move spa/nc
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support boh
spa move por
tri support tyr
tus move ven
tyr support vie move boh
ukr hold
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move gal
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla convoy con move sev
boh support war move gal
bre move par
bud move vie
bul support rum
cly move lvp
con move sev via convoy
eng move iri
gal support vie move boh
gas support spa
ion move tys
lvn support mos
mid move spa/nc
mar support gas
mos move sev
mun support boh
pie support tyr
por support mid move spa
ruh move bur
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support war move gal
spa hold
tri support vie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move gal
yor move nth
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ukr move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove cly
remove gas
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh support gal
bud move gal
bur support par move gas
con move sev via convoy
edi move cly
gal hold
iri support nth move eng
lvn move war
mid support por move spa
mar support spa
mos support war move ukr
mun support boh
nth move eng
par move gas
pie support ven move tyr
por move spa/sc
rum support ukr
sil support gal
spa support mar
stp support mos
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr support bud move gal
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
wal move lvp
war move ukr
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla move con
boh support gal move vie
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur support gas move mar
cly move nat
eng move bre
gal move vie
gas move mar
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lvn support mos
lvp hold
gol support spa
mid move spa/nc
mar support spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf move mid
pie support ven move tyr
por support mid move spa
rum support bud move gal
sev move mos
sil support boh
spa support mar
stp support mos
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
remove por
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move kie
bre support iri move mid
bur support mar
con move aeg
gal support vie move boh
iri move mid
kie move hel
lvn support war
lvp move wal
gol move mar
mid move por
mos hold
mun support boh
naf move tun
nat support iri move mid
pie support tyr
ruh move bel
rum support gal
sev support ukr
sil support boh
spa support gol move mar
stp support mos
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move pic
boh support war move gal
bre move gas
bur support mar
gal hold
gre move bul
hel move nth
kie move hel
lvn support war
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos hold
mun support boh
nat support mid
pie move mar
por move mid
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support boh
spa move por
stp support mos
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support vie
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie support tyr
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
boh support war move gal
bur support mar
gal support vie move boh
gas support spa/sc
hel move nth
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn move pru
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
mun support boh
nat move mid
nth move eng
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support boh
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support mos
wes support gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
boh support war move gal
bre hold
bul move rum
bur support mar
eng move mid
gas support spa/sc
hol move bel
iri support eng move mid
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
mun support boh
nth move eng
por move spa
pru support war
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support boh
spa/sc support mar
stp move lvn
tys support wes
ukr move war
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel hold
boh support war move gal
bre move gas
bur support mar
eng hold
gal support vie move boh
gas move spa/nc
iri move mid
lvn support pru move war
gol support wes
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
mun support boh
naf move tun
pie move mar
por move bre via convoy
pru move war
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support boh
spa/sc move wes
stp support mos
tri move bud
tyr support vie move boh
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
boh support war move gal
bud support gal
bur support mar
eng hold
gal support vie move boh
gas support mid move spa
iri support spa/nc move mid
lvn move war
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos hold
mun support boh
naf move tun
pie move mar
pru support lvn move war
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support war move gal
spa/nc move mid
stp support mos
tyr support vie move boh
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
boh move tyr
bud support gal
bul support rum
bur support mar
eng hold
gal hold
gas support mar
iri move mid
lvn move war
gol move wes
mid move por
mos move sev
mun support boh move tyr
naf support wes move tun
pie move mar
pru support lvn move war
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil move boh
spa/nc support mid move por
stp support mos
tri move adr
tus support pie
tyr support vie
tys move tun
ukr move war
vie support tyr
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bel hold
boh hold
bud support gal
bul move gre
bur support mar
eng hold
gal hold
gas support spa/nc
lvn move war
mid support naf move wes
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun support boh
naf move wes
pie hold
pru support lvn move war
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support boh
spa/nc hold
stp support mos
tun move ion
tus support pie
tyr support vie
tys move tun
ukr move war
vie support tyr
war move ukr
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bel hold
ber hold
boh support war move gal
bud support gal
bur support mar
eng hold
gal support vie
gas support por move spa
gre hold
kie move hel
lvn move war
gol support tys
mid move naf
mar hold
mos hold
mun support boh
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support lvn move war
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support war move gal
spa/nc move mid
stp support mos
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support vie
tys support adr move ion
ukr move war
vie support tyr
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber hold
boh support war move gal
bud support gal
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal support vie
gas move mar
hel move nth
lvn move war
gol support tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun support boh
naf move tun
pie move mar
pru support lvn move war
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support war move gal
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp move mos
tun move ion
tyr support vie
tys support adr move ion
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie support tyr
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil
boh support sil
bud move ser
bur support mar
gal move bud
gas move spa
ion move alb
lvn support war
gol move tys
mid support wes
mos hold
mun support boh
naf support tun
nth hold
pic move bel
pie move tus
sil support boh
spa/sc move gol
stp support mos
tun support gol move tys
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie move tri
war hold
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
