PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mar
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
stp move nwy
ukr move sev
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move bal
bla support bul
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move nrg
gre support con move aeg
ion convoy tun move apu
kie move mun
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap support ion
nth hold
nrg move bar
par move bur
pie move ven
por move spa
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move apu
ukr move sev
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ven
bal move swe
bar support nrg move nwy
bel hold
bla move con
boh move tyr
bul hold
bur move pic
eas move ion
gal move war
gre support eas move ion
ion support nap move tys
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth hold
nrg move nwy
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move war
spa move tun
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support sil move war
ven hold
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move eas
bar support nwy move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move mun
boh move mun
bul hold
con move aeg
den move nth
fin support stp
gal support rum move ukr
gre move alb
ion move adr
lon move nwy
gol move tys
mar move gol
nap support adr move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic hold
pie move tus
ruh support ber move mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support sil move war
ven move apu
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion disband
nwy move ska
ukr move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support eas move ion
apu move rom
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move mun
bul move gre
den support nwy move nth
eas move ion
fin move swe
gal move war
hol support pic move bel
ion move tys
lon move yor
gol move pie
mos support gal move war
nap support ion move tys
nth support ska move den
nwy move nth
pic move bel
ruh move mun
sev support war move mos
ska move den
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tus move rom
ukr support mos
ven hold
war move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove hol
remove nrg
remove ska
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move adr
ank move arm
apu support nap move rom
bel support ruh
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
den support nwy move nth
ion hold
mos support war
mun support vie move boh
nap move rom
nth move bel
nwy move nth
pru move ber
ruh move kie
stp support sev move mos
tri support ven
tun move rom
tus support tun move rom
tyr move pie
tys convoy tun move rom
ukr support mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
war support mos
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hol
pie move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
apu move rom
arm support rum move sev
bel move lon
ber move mun
boh support mun
den move nth
eng convoy bel move lon
gal move sil
ion move nap
kie support ber move mun
gol move mar
mar move spa
mos support war
mun support gal move sil
nap support apu move rom
nth move edi
pie support ven move tus
rum move sev
sil support ber move mun
stp support sev move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move spa
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ukr support mos
ven move tus
war support gal move sil
wes convoy tun move spa
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
remove ber
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
arm move smy
boh move mun
den move ska
eng move wal
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move yor
lvp move wal
gol support tun move spa
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie support tus
rom hold
sev move mos
sil move ber
smy move eas
tun move spa
tus support pie
tys support rom
ukr move gal
ven support adr move apu
war move pru
wes convoy tun move spa
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bel move hol
ber move kie
eas support aeg move ion
edi hold
eng move wal
gal move boh
ion move nap
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
gol support spa move mar
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth move lon
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move hol
ska move nwy
spa move mar
tus move rom
tys support rom move tus
ven support apu
wes move tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
England: army/dislodged mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
mar move gas
stp move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet con
remove edi
remove fin
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move nap
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur move par
con move aeg
eas move ion
gas move spa
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
gol support mar
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat move mid
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pie support tus
ruh support mun move bur
smy hold
stp move fin
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus support nap move rom
tys support rom
ven move apu
vie move tyr
wal move eng
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ion
bel move hol
bur support pie move mar
con hold
eas support ion
fin support stp move nwy
hol support ruh move bel
ion support nap move tys
iri move mid
kie support hol
gol support mar
mun support bur
nat move lvp
nap move tys
pie move mar
rom support nap move tys
ruh move bel
smy hold
spa move por
stp move nwy
tun support tys
tus support rom
tyr move pie
ven move adr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
tys move wes
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove eng
remove nat
remove por
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu support aeg move ion
bel support mun move bur
bur move gas
con move aeg
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
edi move yor
fin support nwy
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mun move bur
nth move hel
nwy hold
par move pic
pie move mar
rom support tys
swe move bal
tri move alb
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys hold
vie move boh
wal move eng
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
apu hold
bal move ber
bel support hol
boh move mun
bur support pie move mar
con move bla
den move kie
eas move ion
fin move stp
gas support pie move mar
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support mun move ber
mid move eng
mun move ber
nap support ion move tys
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom support ion move tys
smy move ank
spa/sc move por
tus move pie
tys move gol
wal move eng
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move spa
tys move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet con
remove den
remove mid
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move gre
ank move rum
apu hold
bel move pic
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move mun
bre support par
bur move par
con move bul/sc
gas support bur move par
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support mun move kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie move den
lon move yor
mar move spa
mun move kie
nap support ion
par support bre
pie move mar
por support spa
rom support tys
smy move eas
stp move mos
swe move den
tun support wes
tus move gol
tys support rom
vie move tyr
wal move eng
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support adr move ion
apu support adr move ion
bla move rum
boh move gal
bre support par move pic
bul/sc move aeg
bur move par
eas support ion
eng support nth move bel
gas support bur move par
gre support ion
hol move bel
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos move war
mun move sil
nap support tys
nth move bel
par move pic
pic support bur move par
pie move ven
por support spa
rom move tus
rum move bud
swe move nwy
tyr move tri
tys support rom move tus
wes support spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army/dislodged pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
pic move bur
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove bur
build Army con
remove den
build Army smy
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ion
aeg support eas move ion
ank move arm
apu move ion
bel move nth
bre support spa move gas
bud hold
con move bul
eas move ion
eng support bre
gal move war
gas move spa
gre support ion move alb
hol hold
ion move alb
gol support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
nap support ion
nwy move swe
par hold
pic move bur
por move spa/sc
rum hold
sil support gal move war
smy move con
spa move gas
tri move vie
tun support wes
tus move rom
tys support eas move ion
ven move tri
war hold
wes support por move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy con move tus
alb move tri
apu support adr move ion
arm move sev
bre support bur move par
bud support alb move tri
bul move ser
bur move par
con move tus
eng move bel
gre support ion
hol move bel
ion convoy con move tus
gol move tys
mar support spa
mos move war
nap move apu
nth move den
par hold
por move spa/sc
rom support con move tus
rum move bla
sil move gal
spa support mar
swe move den
tri move ser
tun support wes
tys convoy con move tus
vie move bud
war support sil move gal
wes support por move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
Austria: army/dislodged par
Austria: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb support ion move adr
apu support adr move ven
bla move rum
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
eng move bel
gal move rum
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
ion move adr
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos support sev move ukr
nap move apu
nth move den
par support bre move gas
por move spa/sc
rom support tys
sev move ukr
spa move gas
swe move den
tri support vie move bud
tus move ven
tys hold
vie move bud
war move mos
wes support por move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army/dislodged spa
Austria: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move mar
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move tri
bla move rum
bul support ser
eng move bel
gas support par move bur
gre move ion
ion move adr
mos support ukr move war
nap move apu
nth move nwy
par move bur
rom support tys
ser support alb move tri
spa/sc move mar
swe move den
tun hold
tus support adr move ven
tys support gre move ion
ukr move war
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move apu
ank move con
bel move nth
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
gas support par move bur
ion support tys move tun
mos move war
nap support rom move tys
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
smy move arm
spa/sc move gol
tri hold
tus move ven
tys move tun
ven move apu
war move pru
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet/dislodged gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move nap
arm move sev
bla hold
bul move rum
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
eng move bel
gas move mar
ion support tun
kie support pru move ber
gol move tys
mun move kie
naf support wes move tun
nap move rom
nth move den
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
swe move den
tun support tys
tys support tun
ven move tyr
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Austria: army/dislodged mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
