PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
bud move ser
edi move nth
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move sev
nap move ion
par move bur
rom support ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move bla
bot move swe
bur move bel
con move bul
eng move bel
ion move gre
mid move por
nth support eng move bel
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move arm
smy move con
spa hold
tri move ser
wal hold
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla move ank
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
ion move tun
lon move eng
nth move den
par move bur
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support sev move bla
ser move gre
sev move bla
spa move gas
swe move bal
tri move alb
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
England: fleet hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bal support sil move ber
bla support ser move bul
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move bel
con move ank
den hold
eng move bel
gas move bre
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
mid move bre
pic support bur move bel
ruh support bur move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move tri
sil move ber
smy hold
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
England: fleet hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm support sev move ank
bal support ber move kie
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bla convoy sev move ank
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul hold
con support bul
den move ska
eng hold
gas move bur
hol hold
ion move aeg
lon support eng
lvp move wal
mid support bre move eng
pic support bre move eng
ruh move hol
smy move aeg
tri support vie
tyr support ven move mun
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
hol move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
bal move den
bel move ruh
bla move ank
bur move mun
eng support mid move iri
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel move ruh
ion move aeg
iri move eng
kie support bur move mun
lon support iri move eng
mid move iri
nth hold
pic move bel
ser move bul
sev move arm
ska move nwy
tyr support bel move mun
wal hold
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove nwy
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm support syr move smy
bel support bre move eng
bla move ank
bre move eng
bul move con
den support kie
eng hold
gre move bul
hol support bel
iri support bre move eng
lon support eng
mid support bre move eng
mun hold
nth hold
par move pic
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
syr move smy
wal move lvp
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bel support hol
bla support arm move ank
bud support tri
bul support con
den support kie
eng move wal
hol support mun move kie
iri support eng move wal
lon support wal move eng
lvp hold
mid move nat
mun move kie
nth move nrg
pic move bur
pru move ber
ruh support mun move kie
sil move mun
smy support arm move ank
tri move ser
tun move ion
vie support tri
wal move eng
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support smy
bel move nth
ber support mun
bla support rum
bud move tri
bur move mun
den move kie
eng support bel move nth
hol support kie
ion move eas
iri support nat move lvp
kie support bur move mun
mos move war
mun support ber
nat move lvp
nrg move nth
ruh support bur move mun
ser support bud move tri
sev move ukr
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
bar move nwy
ber support mun
bla support rum move bul
bur move mun
den move kie
eas move ion
eng support nth move lon
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie support bur move mun
lvp hold
mun move kie
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pie move ven
ruh support kie
rum move bul/ec
sil support mun
smy support ank move con
tri move ven
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla convoy con move bul
bre move eng
bul/ec move con
bur support kie move mun
con move bul via convoy
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move vie
hol move kie
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mar hold
mun hold
nwy support nth
pie move ven
ruh support kie move mun
rum move bud
sil support mun
stp/nc move bar
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber support mun
bla support bul
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur support kie move mun
cly move edi
con move aeg
den support nth
eng move bel
gal move vie
hol move kie
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
nat move nrg
nth support bar move nrg
nwy support nth
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
tyr move mun
ven support tyr
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move nrg
bel support lon move nth
ber support mun
bla move con
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bur support kie move mun
den support nth
edi support nat move nrg
gal move vie
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move mun
lon move nth
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth support bar move nrg
nwy support nth
ruh support kie move mun
ser support aeg move gre
sev move rum
sil support mun
stp/sc move bot
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
war move gal
yor support lon move nth
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bar support nwy
bel support eng move nth
ber support mun
bot move bal
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support nth
edi support nrg
eng move nth
gal move boh
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
lon support eng move nth
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support nth
ruh support kie
rum move gal
ser support gre
sil support mun
yor support eng move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
