PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom support ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move nth
gal move boh
kie move den
lon move nth
nth move nwy
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh move hol
sev move rum
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
vie move tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move pru
bul support gre move ser
con move bla
den move ska
edi hold
gre move ser
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mun hold
nwy move ska
par move bur
rom move tus
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
tun move tys
tus move pie
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move nth
edi hold
gal support boh move vie
hol move bel
iri move eng
mun support ruh move bur
nth support iri move eng
nwy move ska
pic support bel
pie support ven
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum support sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
tus support ven
ukr move war
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support sev
bur move gas
con move aeg
den move nth
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move war
hol hold
ion move adr
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move den
par move bur
pie move tyr
por move spa
pru move lvn
rum support bud
ser support rum
sev move mos
ska support nth move den
smy move eas
tus support ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bur move par
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gas move bre
hel move nth
hol move bel
lvn move stp
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bre
pie move tyr
rum move gal
ser move tri
ska move den
tus move pie
ukr support sev
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move eng
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support sev
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move eng
pie move tyr
rum support arm move sev
sev support mos
spa move gas
tri support boh move vie
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move sev
ber support kie
bla support arm move sev
boh support tri move vie
bul support rum
bur move ruh
edi move den via convoy
gas move bur
hel move den
ion move nap
kie support edi move den
lon move eng
gol hold
mos support sev
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move swe
rum support arm move sev
sev support ukr move rum
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven support pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hel
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove stp
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move sev
ber support kie
bla support bul move rum
boh move gal
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move swe
eng move mid
kie support ber
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mar move gol
mos support sev
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy support den move swe
pic move bre
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
tri move vie
ukr move rum
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
arm support rum move sev
ber hold
bla support rum move sev
boh move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
eng hold
fin move stp/sc
kie hold
lon hold
gol support mar move spa
mid hold
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nwy move stp
rum move sev
sev support ukr move rum
swe hold
tri support adr move ven
tun move naf
ukr move rum
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
arm support sev
ber support kie
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move gas
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move gas via convoy
gol move wes
mid convoy lon move gas
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nwy move stp
pie support tyr move ven
rom move tys
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
swe move fin
tri support ven
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support sev
ber hold
bla move con
boh move vie
bul move ser
eng move bel
fin support nwy move stp
gas move par
kie support nth move hol
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nth move hol
nwy move stp
pie support tyr move ven
por move spa/sc
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
tri support ven
tun move wes
tyr move ven
tys support tun move wes
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie move gal
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mun
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bel move eng
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move aeg
edi hold
fin move stp
gal move war
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie move hel
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
naf move mid
par hold
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
smy move eas
stp move lvn
tri support ven
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven support tri
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel move eng
bre hold
bud move vie
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move hol via convoy
iri support mid
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid support par move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
mun move ber
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bre
por support spa/sc
ser move bud
sev move mos
smy move con
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
ukr support sev move mos
ven move adr
war support mos
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy con move ven
aeg convoy con move ven
ank move con
apu move nap
bre support por move mid
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move ven via convoy
edi move den via convoy
eng move bre
hel move kie
hol move ruh
ion convoy con move ven
iri support mid
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes
mid support eng move bre
mar move gas
mos support war
mun move sil
naf support por move mid
nth convoy edi move den
par support eng move bre
por move mid
sev move mos
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri move tyr
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
war support mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy con move tri
aeg convoy con move tri
ber support den move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre support mid
con move tri via convoy
den move kie
gal move war
gas move bur
ion convoy con move tri
iri support mid
kie move hel
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
gol move mar
mid support bre
mos support war
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
par support bre
pic move bel
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
remove pic
remove sil
build Army smy
remove spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move spa
ank move smy
ber hold
boh support mun
bre move mid
bud support gal
bur move bel
edi move bel via convoy
gal support ukr move war
hel hold
ion convoy smy move spa
iri support bre move mid
kie move mun
lvn support war
mid move por
mar support smy move spa
mos support war
mun support boh
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move bel
par move gas
ruh support kie move mun
sev move mos
smy move spa via convoy
stp support mos
tri move vie
tys convoy smy move spa
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war support mos
wes convoy smy move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
bur move par
gal move war
mar support spa
mos support war
mun hold
naf move mid
sev support ukr
tyr support mun
tys support wes
ukr support gal move war
war support mos
wes support spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
