PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
den hold
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move ven
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
tri move vie
ukr support gal move rum
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move pic
bla support rum move bul
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support par move pic
con move bul
den hold
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mun support ruh
nap move tys
nth support lon move eng
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
ruh hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move con
spa move mar
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
arm support aeg move smy
bel move pic
bla convoy sev move ank
bur support ruh move bel
den move nth
eng convoy wal move bre
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ber
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support ruh
nth support eng
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser move alb
sev move ank via convoy
spa/sc move gol
tri move ser
tys move gol
vie move tri
wal move bre via convoy
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support arm move ank
bul support smy move con
bur move mar
den support kie move hel
eng support wes move mid
gre move ion
hol support bel
kie move hel
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth support nwy move ska
nwy move ska
pic move bre
pie move mar
ser support alb move gre
sev move mos
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
stp move fin
tri move ven
tus move ven
tys move gol
vie move tyr
wal move yor
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move mun
bul move rum
bur move mar
con hold
den support hel move nth
eng support mid
fin move swe
gas support bre
gre move apu via convoy
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion convoy gre move apu
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nth support ska move den
pie support mun move tyr
ser move gre
ska move den
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri move vie
tus move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
apu support gre move nap
bal move kie
bel move ruh
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move mun
bur move bel
con hold
den support hel
eng convoy lon move pic
fin move swe
gas support bre
gre move nap via convoy
hel support den
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move nap
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move pru
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth support swe move den
pie move ven
rum move gal
ska support swe move den
spa/sc move wes
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
tus support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move tys
tyr move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal move kie
ber support ruh move kie
boh move sil
bre move par
con move aeg
den support bal move kie
eng move nth
gal move boh
gas move bre
hel support ruh move kie
hol hold
ion move tys
mun hold
naf support wes move tun
nap support apu move rom
nth move hol
pic move bur
pie move tyr
pru support sil move ber
ruh move kie
sev move ukr
sil move ber
ska support eng move nth
tri support tyr move ven
tus support tys move rom
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ven support pie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Fleet mar
remove naf
remove pie
remove sil
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tus
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move rom
bal support ber move kie
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move tri
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
eng support bel
hol move kie
ion support nap
mar move gol
mun support vie move tyr
nap support apu move rom
nth move hol
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh support hol move kie
ska move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal move swe
ber hold
bud move ser
bur support tyr move mun
den move kie
eng move nth
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ruh
gol support tyr move pie
mid hold
mun move tyr
nap hold
par move pic
rom hold
ruh hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri support vie
tun hold
tyr move pie
ven support mun move tyr
vie support mun move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army par
remove ruh
build Army stp
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move smy
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bud move rum
bur move mun
den move swe
ion convoy nap move smy
kie move den
lon move nth
gol hold
mid move wes
nap move smy via convoy
nth move nrg
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom hold
ser move bul
sil move ber
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie
ber support boh move mun
bla support ukr move rum
boh move mun
bot support swe
bul move gre
den support kie
ion move nap
kie support den
mun support sil move boh
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
par move bur
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
swe support den
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mun
con hold
fin support stp move nwy
gre hold
hol support ruh move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol support wes move tys
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
pie hold
ruh support bur move mun
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun support wes move tys
tus support pie
tyr support mun
ven move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
bur move ruh
con hold
fin support nwy
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move ruh
gol support tys
mun hold
nap support ion move tys
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie hold
rom support tus
ruh move kie
sil move ber
ska support nrg move nwy
swe support nwy
tun move ion
tus support pie
tyr support mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel move ruh
bur support bel move ruh
con hold
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
gol move tys
mun support kie move ruh
nap support ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie support tus
rom support tus
ruh move kie
ser move tri
ska support nrg move nwy
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
tri move adr
tun support gol move tys
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move nap
bal support swe
ber move kie
bot move stp/sc
bur move mun
con hold
den support ber move kie
fin support bot move stp
ion support nap move tys
kie support bur move mun
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
rom support tus
ruh support bur move mun
tri move vie
tun support tys move ion
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys move ion
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal support swe
bre move eng
bur move mun
con hold
fin move nwy
hol support ruh move kie
ion support tys
kie move ruh
gol move tys
mos move war
mun support kie move ruh
nap support tys
nth support nwy
pie hold
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
ska support nwy
swe support den
tun support gol move tys
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys hold
vie move boh
war move sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal move den
boh support mun
bur support ruh move bel
con hold
den move kie
eng move lon
fin move nwy
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
kie move ruh
gol move tys
mun support den move kie
nap move rom
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie hold
ruh move bel
ska support nth move den
stp/sc move bot
swe support fin move nwy
tun support gol move tys
tus move ven
tyr support pie
tys move tun
ven move apu
war move lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
tys move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu hold
bal support bot move swe
bel support bur
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
bur support bel
con hold
den move nth
hol move bel
ion support rom move tys
lon move nth
mar support bur
mun move bur
nap support ion
nrg move nat
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh support hol move bel
ska support den move nth
swe move fin
tun support tys move ion
tus move gol
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ven move tus
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal move den
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur support pic move bel
con hold
ion support nap move tys
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mun move bur
nat move iri
nap move tys
nth move eng
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support bel
ska move nth
tus support tys move gol
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
boh support tyr move mun
bur move par
con hold
den move nth
eng support iri move mid
hol support bel
ion support rom move tun
iri move mid
lon move yor
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar move gas
mun move bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tun via convoy
ruh support mun move bur
stp/nc move bar
swe move ska
tun move naf
tus support tys
tyr move mun
tys convoy rom move tun
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur support mar move gas
con hold
eng move lon
gas support wes move spa
hol support ruh move bel
ion support tun
kie move ruh
mid move spa/nc
mar move gas
mun support bur
naf move mid
nat move lvp
nth move lon
par support bre
pic move eng
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ska move nth
spa/sc move por
tun hold
tus move gol
tys move wes
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove naf
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
boh support mun
bre support par
bud hold
bur move par
con hold
eng move lon
fin move swe
gas support bur move par
hol move bel
ion move tys
gol support tys move wes
mar support gas
mun hold
nth move yor
nrg move edi
por hold
ska move nth
tri move adr
tun hold
tys move wes
vie move tyr
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support pic
boh support mun
bre support par
bud hold
bur move par
con hold
edi support nth move yor
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar support gol move spa
mun hold
nth move yor
par support bre
pic hold
por support wes move mid
ska move nth
tun move tus via convoy
tyr support mun
tys convoy tun move tus
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove eng
remove iri
build Army mos
build Army tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
boh hold
bre support par
bud hold
bur support gas move par
con hold
edi move cly
gas move par
ion hold
mid move nat
mar move gas
mun support bur
nth support yor move lon
pic move bre
por move spa/nc
spa/sc move mid
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr hold
tys move wes
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move wal
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh hold
bud hold
bur support par
con hold
gas move bre
ion hold
lon move eng
mid move iri
mun support bur
nat support mid move iri
nth move lon
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
spa/nc move gas
tri move alb
tyr support mun
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
boh support mun
bre hold
bud hold
bur support par
cly move lvp
con hold
gas support bre
ion hold
iri support cly move lvp
mid support iri
mar hold
mun hold
nat support cly move lvp
par support bre
tri hold
tyr support mun
vie hold
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
boh support mun
bre support par
bud hold
bur support mun
con hold
gas support mid
ion hold
iri hold
mid support bre
mar support bur
mun support bur
nat support iri
par support bur
tri hold
tyr support mun
vie hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
