PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move bre
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre move por via convoy
bul move rum
den move swe
ion convoy apu move tun
lvn move war
mid convoy bre move por
mar move spa
mun move sil
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
war move sil
yor move hol
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support rum
bot convoy lvn move swe
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
den move nth
edi move yor
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
kie move hel
lon move bel
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support den move swe
por move spa
pru move ber
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
spa move gas
stp move nwy
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud move gal
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hel move den
iri convoy spa move wal
kie move ruh
lvn move mos
mid convoy spa move wal
nth move eng
pie move ven
rum support con move bul
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil move gal
spa move wal via convoy
tri move ser
tun move tus via convoy
tys convoy tun move tus
vie move bud
yor move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur hold
con support smy move aeg
den move swe
eng move bre
gre support aeg move bul
ion support tys
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mid move bre
mar support bur
mos hold
mun support ruh move bur
nwy move nth
ruh move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser support aeg move bul
sev support rum
sil move gal
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tus move pie
tys support ion
ven move pie
vie move tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
bel support lon move pic
ber move mun
bla support sev move rum
bud support gal move rum
bur move pic
con support rum move bul
eng convoy lon move pic
fin move swe
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
iri support yor move lvp
lon move pic
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move edi
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
ser support bul/sc
sev move rum
swe move ska
tri move alb
wal move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
remove hol
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support gre
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul support ion move gre
bur move bel
con support bul
edi move nth
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move rum
gas support par
gre hold
ion move adr
iri move wal
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move kie
par support mar move bur
ruh support bur move bel
ser support gal move rum
sev move rum
ska move nth
stp/sc hold
tus move ven
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wal move bel via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support bul
alb support gre
bel support ruh
bla support sev
bud move vie
bul hold
bur support par move pic
con support bul
eng support pic move bre
gas move bre
gre support ser move bul
ion move alb
iri support mid move eng
kie move hol
lvp hold
mid move eng
mos support rum move sev
par move pic
pic move bre
ruh support bel
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
ska move nth
swe move den
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bel support ruh
bla support sev move rum
bul move ser
bur hold
con move bul/ec
den move nth
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gas support bur
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
ion support aeg move gre
iri move eng
kie move den
lvp hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
pic support bur
ruh support bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie support alb move tri
wal move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move gre
bel move bur
bla move rum
bot move bal
bul support rum move ser
bur move ruh
con move bla
den move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal move rum
gas move bur
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie move den
lvp hold
mun support bel move bur
nth move hol
nrg support den move nth
pic move bel
ruh support bel move bur
rum move ser
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
nth move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move arm
bal move kie
bel support hel move hol
bla support ank move arm
bul support ser
bur move bel
con move smy
den move hel
eng support bel
gas support mar move bur
gre support bul
hel move hol
hol support bur move bel
ion move eas
lvp support edi
mar move bur
nap move ion
nth support den move hel
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
par support mar move bur
ruh support bur move bel
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move arm
tri move bud
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
eas move aeg
edi support hel move nth
eng support bel
gal support rum
gas move bur
gre hold
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
kie move hel
lvp hold
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth move nrg
par move pic
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser move rum
sev hold
smy hold
stp move mos
tri move ser
ukr support sev
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move con
alb move gre
bel move bur
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul support alb move gre
bur move mar
eng support bre move mid
gal move rum
gas support bel move bur
gre support rum move bul
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move con
lvp move wal
mid move spa/nc
mos support sev
mun support ruh
nap move con via convoy
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
pic support bel move bur
rom move tys
ruh support hol move bel
ser support ven move tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bel hold
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
bur move bel
con support aeg move smy
eng move mid
gal move boh
gas support mar move spa
gre move ser
ion move gre
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun support ruh
nat support spa/nc move mid
nth support bel
nrg support nth
pic support bur move bel
ruh support bel
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa/nc move mid
tri support ser
tys move wes
ukr move rum
vie support bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
smy disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
arm support ank
bel move bur
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur hold
con move bul
eng support por move mid
gas support bur
gre support con move bul
kie move hol
mid move eng
mos move war
mun support bel move bur
nat move iri
nap move tys
nth support bel
nrg move edi
pic support bur
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh support bel move bur
rum support bul
ser move rum
smy hold
spa hold
tri move ser
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie hold
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
rum disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move sev
bel move ruh
boh support gal move vie
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
bur hold
eng support mid
gal move vie
gas support bur
gre move aeg
hol move bel
iri move wal
lon hold
mid support eng
mun move sil
nat move iri
nth support iri move eng
nrg support nth move edi
pic support bur
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser move rum
smy move con
spa hold
tri support vie
tys move tus
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
war move gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur hold
eng support mid
gas support bur
iri move eng
mid support eng
mun support boh
nap move tys
nrg support nth move edi
pic support bur
ruh support bel
rum move sev
sil support gal
smy support aeg move con
spa hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal move lon
wes support mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bud support vie move gal
bur move mun
con move bla
eng move bel
gas move bur
iri move eng
mid move eng
mun support ruh
nrg move nwy
pic support eng move bel
ruh support bel
rum support vie move gal
sev support ukr move mos
sil move pru
smy move con
spa move gas
tri support tyr move vie
tus move gol
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal support iri move eng
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bla move ank
bre support pic
bud move gal
bur support pic
con hold
eng move lon
gal move sil
gas support bur
mid support bre
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move lon
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bur
pru support war
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
spa hold
tri move tyr
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
wal support eng move lon
war hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla move sev
bre move eng
bur support pic move bel
gal support vie move boh
gas move mar
ion move aeg
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
pic move bel
pru move ber
sil move ber
spa hold
tri move vie
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
build Army rom
remove war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh move mun
bur move ruh
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gal move war
hol move nth
kie move hel
lon support hol move nth
lvp move nat
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil support boh move mun
spa move gas
stp move nwy
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bur move bel
eng move nth
gal hold
gas move bur
hel support kie move den
iri support mid move eng
kie move den
lon move yor
lvn move pru
lvp hold
mid move eng
mun support sil move ber
nat move cly
nth move nwy
ruh support bel move hol
sil move ber
stp move nwy
tus move pie
ukr move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
den move ska
eng move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
