PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move eng
con move bul
kie move den
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla hold
bot move swe
bul hold
edi move cly
eng move bel
gal move war
gas move spa
ion convoy apu move tun
lon hold
lvp move yor
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil move boh
spa move por
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu hold
arm move sev
bel support bre move eng
ber move kie
bla hold
boh hold
bre move eng
bul hold
den move swe
ion convoy apu move tun
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
par move pic
por hold
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
spa move gas
swe hold
ukr move sev
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move vie
bul move ser
den move ska
eng convoy pic move wal
gas move bur
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mos move sev
pic move wal
por hold
rum move bla
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move gal
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mun
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support smy
bel move nth
ber move sil
bla move ank
bur move ruh
con support bla move ank
eng convoy por move wal
gal support bud
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move mun
mid convoy por move wal
por move wal
ser move gre
sev move rum
ska move swe
tyr support vie move tri
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
apu hold
arm move ank
con move bul/sc
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre hold
ion convoy apu move tun
lvp move edi
mid move eng
mun move ber
nth move hel
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum move sev
sil hold
ska move nwy
smy support arm
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move vie
ven hold
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move ank
ber move kie
bre move pic
bul/sc move con
den hold
edi move yor
eng move nth
gre move bul
hel support kie move den
hol hold
kie support den
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth move ska
nwy move nth
par move bur
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy support arm
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tyr move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank support smy
ber support kie
bla move ank
bul move con
bur move mun
con support bla move ank
eng move nth
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move hol
lvn move war
gol move tys
mun move ruh
pic move bel
rum move ser
sev move arm
ska support eng move nth
smy support ank
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
wal move lon
war move ukr
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank support smy
arm move smy
bel support kie move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
bla support con
bul move con
bur move mun
con hold
den support nwy move ska
hel support lon move hol
kie move ruh
lon move hol
mar move gol
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
ruh move kie
ser support ukr move rum
ska support nth
smy move con
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr move rum
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
arm support bla move ank
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla move ank
bul move rum
bur support kie move mun
con support rum move bul
den support nwy move ska
edi move nwy
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move mun
gol move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
ruh support ber move kie
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move rum
ska support edi move nwy
smy move con
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bel move den
bre move par
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
den move swe
gre support con move bul/sc
hel support bel move den
kie support mun move ber
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nth convoy bel move den
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sev move rum
ska support nwy move swe
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
tun move tys
tys move nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal support bot move swe
ber hold
bot move swe
con support arm move smy
den hold
gal move sil
hel support kie
ion convoy apu move tun
kie support ber
mun move tyr
nap support tys move rom
nth support den
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
ska support swe
smy move syr
swe hold
tri hold
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
