PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move alb via convoy
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support pic move bel
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
nth move lon
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support tri move bud
spa hold
tri move bud
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support ser move tri
apu move ven
bla support sev move rum
bud move vie
bul support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
den support nwy move swe
edi move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal support rum move bud
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun move bur
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa move por
tri hold
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bal move swe
bel hold
bla move rum
bud move vie
bul move ser
den hold
eas support aeg move ion
gal support bud move vie
gre support bul move ser
hol support bel
lon move eng
mun move ber
nth move nrg
nwy support swe
ruh support bel
rum move bud
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr hold
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
remove tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move bot
bel support ruh move bur
bla move rum
bud move vie
con move bul
eas move aeg
gal support bud move vie
gre move apu via convoy
hol move nth
ion support gre move apu
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum move bud
smy move con
swe hold
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bla
gre move bul
ion move adr
lon support nth move eng
mun support bur
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pie move mar
ser support bul move rum
spa support pie move mar
swe move fin
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr hold
ven hold
wal hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bar support fin move stp
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla support rum
bot move swe
bud support sev move rum
bul move ser
eng support gas move bre
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gas move bre
ion move alb
lon move nth
mun move bur
nap hold
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tri move ven
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ven hold
vie move gal
wal move iri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move nwy
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bar support nth move nwy
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
bot move bal
bre move par
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
den support swe
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
ion hold
iri move mid
kie move ruh
mar move pie
nap move tys
nth move nwy
par move gas
rom hold
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev support bud move rum
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ukr support bud move rum
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bud
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Fleet smy
remove spa
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
bal move ber
bar support nwy move nrg
bla convoy bul move sev
bre move eng
bul move sev via convoy
edi move yor
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pic move bur
pie move tyr
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move adr
tys move gol
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
bal move swe
bar hold
bel move bur
ber hold
bla hold
bre move gas
bud support ser move tri
bur move par
cly move nat
den support swe
eng move mid
hol move nth
kie support ber
gol move wes
mos support ukr move war
mun support bel move bur
nrg move edi
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move war
spa hold
swe hold
tun support aeg move ion
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet lon
remove nat
remove nth
remove sil
build Fleet smy
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move sev via convoy
bar hold
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move sev
bud move vie
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
gas support spa move mar
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move edi
gol move wes
mid support por move spa
mar move gas
mos hold
mun move tyr
par move bre
por hold
rom move ven
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
swe move bot
tri support bud move vie
tun move tys
ven move tyr
vie hold
war support sev move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move sil
bot support mos move lvn
bre move par
bul move gre
bur move mar
edi move stp via convoy
eng support mid move bre
gal move bud
gas move par
kie move mun
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap support tys move rom
nrg convoy edi move stp
por move mid
pru support ber move sil
rom move nap
sev move mos
spa support bur move mar
tri support adr move ven
tys move rom
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie hold
war support sev move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army/dislodged bre
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bar move nrg
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bot support lvn
bud move rum
con move bul
eng move pic
gre move ser
ion move tun
lvn support sil move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nrg move nat
par move pic
pru support sil move war
rom move tus
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri move tyr
ukr support war
vie support tri move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move rum via convoy
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support sil move gal
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move ser
eng hold
gal move bud
gas move par
lvn support stp move mos
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie support mun move tyr
pru support war
ser support gal move bud
sil move gal
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus move pie
tys move wes
ukr support ank move rum
vie move boh
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bur
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla support sev
boh support gal move vie
bud support rum move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move vie
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move mos
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
par move bur
pie support mun move tyr
por support mid move spa
pru move war
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev hold
spa/sc move mar
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tus move pie
ukr support rum move gal
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh support war move gal
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
eng move mid
gal support bud move vie
gre move rom via convoy
ion convoy gre move rom
lvn support mos
gol support tus move pie
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
pie support mun move tyr
pru move war
ser move bud
sev support ukr
sil support war move gal
spa/sc move gol
tri support bud move vie
tus move pie
tys convoy gre move rom
ukr support gal
ven support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move rum
gol move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support sev
boh support gal move vie
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
gal move vie
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar support gol
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
naf support mid move wes
nat move mid
nrg move nat
pie move tus
por move spa
pru move sil
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil move gal
smy move aeg
tri support ven
tus move gol
tyr support gal move vie
tys support tus move gol
ukr support rum move gal
vie move boh
war support sil move gal
wes support tus move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla support sev
boh support vie
bre hold
bud support tri move vie
eng support nat move mid
lvn support mos
gol support tys move wes
mar support wes move spa
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nat move mid
nrg move nat
pie support tyr move ven
pru move sil
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev hold
sil move gal
spa move gas
tri move vie
tun support tys move wes
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr support rum move gal
war support sil move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move adr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
bla support sev
boh support sil move gal
bud move vie
gas move bur
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn support mos
gol support wes
mid support naf move wes
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nat move cly
pie support ven
pru move sil
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc support mar move gol
tri hold
tun support wes
tus support adr move ven
tyr move tri
ukr support rum move gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war support sil move gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
bla support sev
boh support gal
bre hold
bud support tri
bur move mun
eng move iri
gal move bud
hol move bel
lon move wal
lvn support mos
gol hold
mid support naf move wes
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf move wes
pie support ven
rum support bud
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil support war
spa/sc support gol
tri support bud
tun support wes
tus move ven
tys support wes
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war support gal
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
bel hold
bla support sev
boh support sil move gal
bre hold
bud support tri
bur move mun
cly hold
con move bul
gal move bud
iri move mid
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos hold
mun move sil
naf support mid move wes
pie move tus
rum support bud
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil move gal
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri support bud
tun support wes
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys support wes
ukr support rum
ven support pie move tus
vie support gal move bud
wal move iri
war support sil move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army/dislodged tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tus move rom
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
