PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bre move pic
bul move gre
con move aeg
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mar move spa
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
stp move fin
tri move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bul move gre
con move bul
den support kie move hel
edi move nrg
fin support swe move nwy
gal move rum
gre move alb
hol support pic move bel
ion move eas
kie move hel
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support den move swe
ruh support mun
rum move sev
ser move bud
smy move eas
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
apu move rom
bar move nwy
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
den support hel move nth
fin support nwy
gal support rum move bud
gre support bul move ser
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy tun move apu
mun move tyr
nap support apu move rom
nth support bar move nwy
nrg support nth
nwy support hel move nth
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa move por
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tun move apu via convoy
ven move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army mos
remove nap
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
apu move ven
bar move nwy
bud support gal move vie
bul support gre move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den support hel move nth
eas move ion
eng move lon
fin support stp/nc
gal move vie
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move adr
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nth support bar move nwy
nrg support nth
nwy support hel move nth
pic move bel
rom support apu move ven
ruh move mun
ser move rum
stp/nc hold
tyr support apu move ven
ven support adr move apu
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bel support hel move nth
bud support ser move tri
bul support ser
den support hel move nth
fin support nwy
gal move boh
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol hold
ion move tun
lon support hel move nth
mun support tyr
nwy hold
por move spa
rum move bul
ser support gre move alb
sev move rum
stp/nc move bar
tri move bud
tus move rom
tyr support ven
ukr support sev move rum
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move ska
rum move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove tri
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move eng
boh hold
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move ska
fin move swe
gal move sil
hol move ruh
ion support tun move tys
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pie support tyr move ven
rom support ven
ser support bul move rum
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc support nwy
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven support rom
vie support boh
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
boh move tyr
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
den hold
eng move iri
gal support war move sil
hol move yor via convoy
ion move nap
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy hol move yor
pie move tus
rom support ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move ber
tyr move ven
tys support ion move nap
ven support rom
vie support boh move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
nap disband
sil disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
ber support mun
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
den move swe
gal move boh
ion move tun
iri move lvp
gol move tys
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy hold
pie move ven
rom support ven
rum support bud
ser move tri
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri move adr
tus support pie move ven
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven support rom
vie support gal move boh
wes support gol move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move ion
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bar move nrg
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
hol move nth
ion move tys
mun hold
nap support ion move tys
nwy support bar move nrg
rom support apu move ven
rum move ser
sil support tyr move mun
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
nrg disband
tys move gol
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
remove ska
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
boh move sil
bul move gre
den support nth
edi hold
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
kie support ber
lvp hold
gol move wes
mar move gol
mun support sil move ber
nap support tys
nth hold
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pic move bur
pie support tus move ven
rom move tus
ser move tri
sil move ber
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move ven
tyr move pie
tys support tun move wes
ven support tyr move pie
war move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
apu support nap move rom
ber hold
boh move sil
bur hold
den support nth
gre move alb
ion move tun
kie support ber
gol support naf move wes
mar move spa/sc
mun move kie
naf move wes
nap move rom
nth support edi
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pie support tus move ven
pru support sil move ber
rom support ven
ser move tri
sil move ber
swe move den
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move wes
ven support rom
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move tri
apu move nap
ber move kie
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mid support tun move wes
mun support ber move kie
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
pie support tus move ven
rom support ven move tus
ska support den move swe
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move ven
tyr move pie
tys support tun move wes
ven move tus
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army/dislodged edi
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move cly
swe move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bot move bal
bul move gre
bur move ruh
cly move edi
edi hold
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move mun
gol move wes
mid move bre
mun support ber move kie
naf support gol move wes
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy hold
rom move tus
ska support swe move nwy
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys support wes move gol
ven support tus move pie
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
nwy move fin
pie move mar
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army con
remove ska
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal move den
boh move mun
bre move mid
con move bul
den move swe
edi move yor
fin support stp move nwy
gre move nap via convoy
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move nap
kie support mun move ruh
lon move eng
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil move boh
spa/sc support mar
stp move nwy
tun support tys move wes
tus move tys
tys move wes
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
nwy move nth
ruh move bur
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
bre support wes move mid
bul move ser
eng move lon
fin move swe
ion move tys
kie move hol
gol support pie move mar
mun support ruh move bur
nap move rom
nth move edi
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
ruh move bur
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr support ven move pie
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bur move par
mid move eng
mar move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gas
build Army mos
remove nth
remove spa/sc
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre support mar move gas
bur move gas
con move ank
den move nth
ion move tys
gol support wes move spa
mid support bre
mar move gas
mun move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move ven
stp/nc move bar
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr hold
tys move wes
ven move tri
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bre support bel move eng
bur move par
eng support lon
gas support bur move par
hol move yor via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc move por
mar support mun move bur
nth convoy hol move yor
pie hold
ser move bul
spa/sc move por
tri move ser
tun move naf
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ven hold
wes support tun move naf
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
par disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
