PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move ank
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
gal move vie
hol support nth move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
smy move con
tri move alb
tus move pie
ukr move rum
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ank hold
bel hold
ber hold
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con hold
den move kie
ion move gre
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe hold
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank move con
bel move bre via convoy
ber move pru
bla support ukr move rum
bud hold
bur move par
con move bul
eng convoy bel move bre
gal move bud
gas move bur
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move den
gol support spa move mar
mid move wes
mos hold
mun move sil
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par support gas move bur
pie move mar
rum support con move bul
ser support bud
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
swe hold
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mun
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move con
bre move par
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
den move swe
eng move bel
gal move bud
ion move tys
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mid move por
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move war
rum support con move bul
ser support bud
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tun support nap move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bot move swe
bre move par
bud support ser move tri
bul/sc support ion move gre
bur move pic
con move smy
den move bal
gal support mos move war
ion move gre
iri move mid
lvn support mos move war
gol move wes
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nth move bel
nwy support stp/nc
par hold
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move war
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri support rum move bud
tun move tys
vie support rum move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
tri move ven
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army sev
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bel move nth
bot support mos move stp
bre support lon move pic
bud support ven move tri
bul/sc hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support vie move boh
gre hold
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support war
mid support por move spa
mar move spa
mos move stp
nap move tys
nwy support stp/nc
par move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support sil
ruh move bel
ser move rum
sev move ukr
sil support pru
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tun move wes
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move boh
war support lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move lvn
bel move bur
boh hold
bot support lvn
bre support pic move par
bud support ukr move rum
eng move mid
gal support ukr move rum
lvn support war
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
mos move sev
mun support sil
nth move eng
nwy support stp/nc
pic move par
pru support sil
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil support mun
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc hold
tri support bud move ser
tyr support boh
tys move tun
ukr move rum
war support lvn
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
par move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove spa/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
boh hold
bot support lvn
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support war
gas support mar
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support war
lvp move iri
mid support por move spa
mar support gas
mun support sil
nwy support stp/nc
par support bre move gas
por move spa/sc
pru support sil
rum support tri move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil support mun
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move ser
tun move naf
tyr support boh
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support lvn
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bel move ruh
boh move mun
bot support lvn
bud move gal
bur move bel
eng move nth
gal move bud
gas move mar
iri support mid
lvn support war
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mun support sil
naf move mid
nwy support stp/nc
par move gas
pru support sil
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil support mun
spa/sc hold
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war support lvn
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bel move ruh
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
bud support rum move ser
bul/sc hold
gas support mid move spa
gre hold
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support war
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move mid
nth move eng
nwy support stp/nc
por support iri move mid
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum move ser
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
vie support boh
war support lvn
wes support spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move lvn
ber move pru
bot support mos move stp
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
bur support mar
eng move mid
gas support por move spa
gre move ion
lvn support mos move stp
mid move wes
mar support por move spa
mos move stp
mun move boh
naf move tun
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sil support mun move boh
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move lvn
ber support ruh move mun
boh support ven move tyr
bot convoy lvn move fin
bud move rum
bur support mun
eng support mid
gal support war
gas support por move spa
ion move tys
lvn move fin via convoy
lvp move iri
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar support por move spa
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nwy support stp/nc
pie support ven move tyr
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
tun move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support boh
war support mos move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
ber move pru
boh move sil
bot support mos move stp
bur support mun
eng move nth
fin move nwy
gal move war
gas move spa
ion support tun
iri move mid
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move boh
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
rum move gal
sil move war
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun support gol move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support gol move wes
ukr support gal move war
vie support boh
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
ber move sil
boh move sil
bot support mos move lvn
bur support mun
fin move nwy
gal support war
gas support spa/sc
ion support tun
lon move eng
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
naf support mid move wes
nth move nrg
nwy support stp/nc
pru support sil move war
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sil move war
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
ukr move mos
vie support boh
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
ber support sil
boh move vie
bot support lvn
bur support mar
eng move mid
fin hold
gal move bud
gas move spa
ion move gre
kie support mun
lvn support war
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support sil
naf move tun
nrg move bar
nwy support stp/nc
pru move lvn
sev move rum
sil move war
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
vie move tri
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bar support stp/nc
ber move mun
bot support lvn
bud support tri
fin hold
gre hold
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn support war
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nwy move nth
pru support sil
rum move ser
sev move bla
sil support pru
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri support mun move tyr
tun move ion
ukr move gal
vie support mun move tyr
war support lvn
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp/nc
bla move con
bot support lvn
bud move ser
bur move mar
den move swe
eng move mid
fin hold
gal support war
gas move spa
gre move ion
ion move nap
lvn support war
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nwy support swe
pru support sil
ser move gre
sil support pru
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie support tri
war support lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp/nc
bot support fin
con move aeg
den move kie
fin hold
gal support war
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support war
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nap support ven move rom
nth hold
nwy support swe
pie move tus
pru support sil
ser support gre
sev move bla
sil support pru
stp/nc hold
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tun support wes move tys
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie support tri
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ber hold
bla move con
bot support fin
fin hold
gal support war
gre support ser
ion hold
kie move mun
lvn support war
mos support lvn
nwy support swe
pru support sil
ser support tri
sil support pru
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
vie support tri
war support lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bar support stp/nc
ber support pru
bot support fin
con move smy
fin hold
gal support war
gre hold
ion hold
kie move bal
lvn support war
gol support tys
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun move boh
nap hold
nth hold
nwy support swe
pru support sil
rom support ven
ser support tri
sil support mun move boh
spa hold
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri hold
tun hold
tyr support mun move boh
tys support nap
ven support rom
vie support tri
war hold
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support swe
ber support pru
boh support tyr
nwy support swe
pru support sil
rom support ven
sil support boh
swe support bal
tyr support boh
ven support rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp/nc
gol move tys
mar move pie
nap move apu
nth hold
spa move mar
stp/nc hold
tun hold
tus hold
tys move nap
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
