PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul hold
edi move bel via convoy
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mos move sev
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pic support edi move bel
ruh move bel
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa hold
tri move ven
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
arm support con move sev
bla convoy con move sev
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move sev via convoy
edi move den via convoy
gre hold
hol support kie move hel
ion move eas
kie move hel
lon move yor
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support nth
par support mar move bur
pic support mar move bur
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum support sev move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
spa move mar
swe support edi move den
tun hold
ukr support rum
ven move tus
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move smy
bla support sev
bud move rum
bur support yor move bel
den hold
eas convoy tun move syr
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul
hel support kie move den
hol move nth
ion convoy tun move syr
kie move den
mid move eng
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy support nth
par support bur
pic support yor move bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum support sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil move boh
swe support den
tun move syr via convoy
tus hold
ukr move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support mun move bur
bla support rum move bul
boh support war move gal
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur move bel
con support rum move bul
den hold
eas support syr move smy
eng support bur move bel
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion hold
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun move tyr
nth support lon move eng
nwy support nth
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pie hold
rum move bul
ser support gal move rum
sev move arm
smy move ank
swe support den
syr move smy
tus move ven
ukr move mos
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel support ruh move bur
bla convoy bul move sev
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul move sev via convoy
bur support eng move bel
con support arm move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
eng move bel
gal support boh move vie
gre move bul
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion hold
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
mos move lvn
nth support lon move eng
nwy support den move swe
par support bur
pic support eng move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
smy move con
swe move bal
tyr support ruh move mun
ven support pie move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
nth move edi
tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army rom
remove smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move sev via convoy
bal convoy lvn move ber
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
bre support bel move eng
bud support ser move tri
bul support rum
bur support tyr move mun
con support eas move smy
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng support iri move mid
gal move sil
hol support nth move bel
ion hold
iri move mid
lon support eng
lvn move ber via convoy
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy support edi move nth
par move pic
pic move bel
rom support ven
rum support bul
ser move tri
sev move mos
swe move den
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ven support ser move tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla move ank
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur support mun
con move ank
den move swe
eng support lon move nth
gre hold
hol support bel
ion hold
lon move nth
mid move spa/sc
mos move war
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par support pic
pic move bel
rom support ven
rum support bud move gal
sev move mos
sil move war
smy hold
tri support vie
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
remove pie
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move ank
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move ank
eng support nwy move nth
gal move ukr
gre hold
hol move hel
ion move aeg
kie move hel
lon support nwy move nth
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move nth
par move gas
pic hold
rom move apu
rum support gal move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move war
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
swe support nth move den
tri move vie
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move nap
bel move hol
bla move ank
boh move sil
bul support aeg move con
con move smy
den support lon move nth
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa
gre support bul
hol move hel
ion move tun
lon move nth
mid move bre
mar support gas move spa
mos support war
mun hold
nth move hel
pic move bre
rum move sev
sev support mos
swe move nwy
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move bla
bel move nth
bre move pic
bul move ser
con move ank
eng move iri
gal move war
gre hold
hol support bel move nth
ion move tun
lon move eng
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support war
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
pic move bel
rum move sev
sev support mos
sil support gal move war
smy support con move ank
spa hold
stp/nc move bar
tri move tyr
ukr support rum move sev
ven move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bel support pic
bla support arm move sev
bre support pic
bur support mun
con support ank
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal move war
gre move ion
hol move bel
iri move mid
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move nwy
pic support bel
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
smy support ank
spa move mar
stp support mos
tun hold
tyr move boh
ukr support sev move mos
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
nth move hel
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
remove hel
build Army par
remove pru
build Fleet rom
remove sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar support stp
bel move ruh
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move tri
bur support mun
con move aeg
ion move tys
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid support lon move eng
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support bel move ruh
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
par move pic
pic move bel
rom move tus
rum move bud
sil move pru
smy move arm
tun support ion move tys
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bar support stp
ber support kie
boh move mun
bud move vie
con move aeg
den support nth move hel
eng move nth
gal move sil
kie support ber
lvn move mos
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mos support war
nap move rom
nth move hel
sil move pru
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
tus move gol
tys support tus
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support stp
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
den move kie
hel support nth move hol
ion move tys
kie support ber
gol move tys
mos support war move lvn
nap move rom
nth move hol
pru move ber
rom move tus
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
war move lvn
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
bel move eng
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre move pic
bur support ruh move mun
den support hel move kie
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support kie
naf move tun
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
sil support mun
stp hold
tyr support mun
vie hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support stp
bel move bur
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move vie
bur move mun
den move bal
eng move mid
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support gol move wes
nap support ion move tys
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
tri move adr
tun move naf
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
bel move bur
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
edi move yor
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
naf support gol move wes
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh support bur move mun
sev hold
sil support ber
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
ven hold
vie move gal
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal support den move kie
bar support stp
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bur move mun
den move kie
gal move war
hel support den move kie
kie move hol
lvn move pru
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
naf move wes
nth convoy yor move den
ruh support bur move mun
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
tri move alb
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal convoy den move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel support ruh
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur support mar
den move ber via convoy
gre move aeg
hel support kie
ion move aeg
kie support den move ber
lvn support war move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber
naf support mid move wes
nap move ion
pie move mar
pru support lvn
ruh support kie
sev support war move mos
sil support ber
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move mos
tun support wes move naf
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven hold
war move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet/dislodged naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
naf move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy den move lvn
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur support ruh move mun
den move lvn via convoy
gre move ion
hel support kie
ion move aeg
kie support ruh move mun
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf support tys move wes
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp support den move lvn
tri move vie
tun support tys move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy den move ber
bar support stp
bel move bur
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur move mun
den move ber via convoy
gre move alb
hel support kie
kie support den move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support mos
gol support mar move pie
mid support spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support wes move mid
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie hold
pru support ber
ruh support bur move mun
sev hold
sil support mun
spa/sc support mid
stp hold
tun move wes
tyr support pie
tys support tun move wes
ven support pie
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
bal convoy den move lvn
bar move nrg
bel move bur
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur move mar
den move lvn via convoy
gal move war
hel support kie
kie support bur move mun
lvn support mos
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support wes move mid
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy support stp
pie hold
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support mun
spa/sc support mid
stp support den move lvn
tun move wes
tyr support pie
tys move tus
ven support tys move tus
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie move ber
ber support mun
boh support mun
den move kie
eng support mid
hel support den move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support pru
mid support spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf move mid
nrg move nat
nwy support stp
pie hold
pru support ber
sev hold
sil support mun
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr support pie
tys move gol
ven support pie
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie move ber
bel move hol
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur support mar
den move kie
eng support nat move mid
hel support den move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nat move mid
nwy support stp
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support nat move mid
stp hold
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur support mar
den support kie
eng move mid
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support bur move mun
lvn support mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp hold
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie move den
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur move mar
den support kie
eng support mid
gas support por move spa
hol move ruh
ion move apu
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos
gol support mar move spa
mid support por move spa
mar move spa
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move nrg
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
rom move nap
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move wes
tun support spa/sc move wes
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move ven
bal support kie
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur move mar
den support kie
eng support mid
gas support por move spa
hol move ruh
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos
gol support mar move spa
mid support por move spa
mar move spa
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nap move ion
nrg move nat
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ven move tus
war support lvn
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
den support kie
eng support mid
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nat support mid
nwy support stp
pie hold
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
spa hold
stp hold
tun hold
tus hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ven hold
war support lvn
wes support spa
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur support gas move mar
den support kie
eng support mid
gas move mar
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nat support mid
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
spa hold
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tus
war support pru
wes support spa
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur move mar
gas support por move spa
hol move ruh
ion hold
lvn support mos
gol support tus move spa
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
pie hold
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
spa move gas
tun hold
tus move spa via convoy
tyr support boh move mun
tys convoy tus move spa
ven hold
war support lvn
wes convoy tus move spa
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie
ber support mun
bur support pie move mar
den support kie
eng support mid
gas move par
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos
gol support pie move mar
mid support por move spa
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support bur
naf support mid
nat support mid
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
ruh move bur
sev hold
sil support mun
spa support pie move mar
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys hold
ven hold
war support lvn
wes support spa
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie
bel move bur
ber support tyr move mun
bur support spa move gas
den support kie
eng support mid
gas move par
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos
gol support wes move spa
mid support por move spa
mar support spa move gas
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nat support mid
nwy support stp
par move pic
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
ruh support bel move bur
sil support tyr move mun
spa move gas
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven hold
war support lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie
bel move bur
ber support sil move mun
bur support mun move ruh
den support kie
eng support mid
gas move bre
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos
gol hold
mid support por move spa
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nat support mid
nwy support stp
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie hold
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
ruh support bel move bur
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/sc support naf move mid
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
ven hold
war support lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie
bel move bur
ber move kie
bre move gas
bur move ruh
den support kie
eng support mid
gas hold
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos
gol hold
mid support por move spa
mar support gas
mos support lvn
mun support bur move ruh
naf move mid
nat support mid
nwy support stp
par support bre move gas
pie hold
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move ber
ruh support bel move bur
sev hold
sil move ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
tun hold
tyr support mun
ven hold
war support lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move bel
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move gas
bur support bre move gas
den support kie
eng support mid
gas move par
ion hold
kie support bur move mun
lvn support mos
gol hold
mid support por move spa
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support mar move bur
naf move mid
nat support mid
nwy support stp
par support bre move gas
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move ber
ruh move bel
sev hold
sil move ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
tun hold
tyr support mun
ven hold
war support lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie
bel support mun move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bur support mar move gas
den support kie
eng support mid
hol support ruh move bel
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos
mid support por move spa
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nat support mid
nwy support stp
par move pic
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh move bel
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/sc support naf move mid
tun hold
tyr support sil move mun
ven hold
vie move boh
war move sil
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bel support hol move ruh
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur move par
gas support bur move par
hol move ruh
ion hold
lvn support mos
gol support spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
pic move par
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun move bur
sev hold
sil move ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
ven hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support stp move lvn
bel support ruh move bur
ber move kie
bur move ruh
den support kie
eng support nat move mid
gas support par move bre
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mid move por
mos support lvn
mun support bur move ruh
nat move mid
nwy move stp
par move bre
pic support ruh move bur
pie move mar
por support nat move mid
pru support sil move ber
rom move tus
ruh move bur
sev hold
sil move ber
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move lvn
tun move naf
tyr support mun
ven hold
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army/dislodged bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support kie
bel support pic
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre hold
bur move par
den support kie
eng support mid move bre
gas support bre
ion move gre
iri move mid
lvn support mos
gol hold
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support mar move bur
naf move mid
nwy support stp
par support bre
pic support bur move par
por support naf move mid
pru support sil move ber
sev move rum
sil move ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
tus move pie
tyr support mun
ven move tri
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1920 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove por
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel move bur
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre move par
bur support bre move par
gas move bre
gre support nap move ion
lvn support mos
gol move wes
mid move por
mos support lvn
mun support tyr
nap move ion
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie support ven move tyr
pru support ber
rom move ven
rum move sev
sil move gal
spa/sc move mid
tri move adr
tyr support mun
ven move tyr
wes move naf
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move bur
ber move kie
bre support par
bur move par
gal move rum
gas support mid move bre
gre move bul/sc
ion hold
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
par support bre
pie support ven move tyr
por support naf move mid
pru hold
rom move ven
sev hold
tri hold
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
vie support alb move tri
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
kie move hol
stp move fin
tri move adr
tyr move boh
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hol
build Fleet nap
remove pic
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
bal move bot
bel move pic
boh move tyr
bre support mid move eng
bud support tri
bul/sc move con
bur move par
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gas support bur move par
ion move aeg
iri support eng move mid
kie support pru move ber
mid move eng
mos support rum move sev
mun support boh move tyr
nat support eng move mid
nap move ion
nwy move stp
par move pic
pie support tyr
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
rum move sev
sev move rum
stp support mos
tri hold
tyr hold
ven move alb via convoy
vie support tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1922 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: army/dislodged sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move naf
sev move arm
stp move lvn
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bot convoy fin move lvn
bud move ser
fin move lvn via convoy
iri move eng
kie move ruh
lvn support mos
mid support iri move eng
mos support lvn
mun support boh move tyr
nat support mid
sev support mos
stp support fin move lvn
tri hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1922 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Army ven
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
alb support ven move tri
arm move sev
bel hold
bot move bal
bre support naf move mid
bud move rum
con move bla
eng move bre
fin support stp
gas move bur
ion move gre
kie support ruh move hol
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
mid support eng move bre
mos support lvn
mun support tyr
naf move mid
nat support mid
par support gas move bur
pie move ven
por support naf move mid
ruh move hol
ser support tri
sev move arm
stp hold
tri hold
tyr support tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1923 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ven move tri
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bre support mid
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
den move kie
eng support nat move mid
fin support stp
gre support alb
hol hold
iri support nat move mid
kie move ber
lvn support mos
mid hold
mos support lvn
mun move ber
nat move mid
par move bur
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rum support sev
ser support tri move alb
sev hold
spa/sc move por
tri move alb
tyr support vie move tri
ven move tri
vie move tri
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1923 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1923 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1924 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel hold
bla move rum
bre support por move mid
bud support ser
bul/ec support bla move rum
bur move par
den move kie
eng move mid
fin support stp
gre hold
hol support kie
iri support eng move mid
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar hold
mos support sev
mun support tyr
por move mid
rom move tys
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support rum
spa/sc support por move mid
tri support alb move ser
tyr support vie move tri
ven support tri
vie move tri
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1924 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Italy: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1924 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel hold
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul/ec support rum
den move kie
eng support iri move mid
fin support stp
hol support eng move bel
iri move mid
kie hold
lvn move mos
gol move wes
mid move nat
mos move sev
mun move bur
naf support iri move mid
rom move tys
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa/sc support bre move mid
tyr support vie move tri
ukr support sev move rum
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1924 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Italy: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1924 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1925 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud support rum
bul/ec hold
bur move par
den move kie
eng move iri
fin support stp
gre support bul/ec
hol move bel
kie hold
lvn move mos
mid support wes move spa
mar move pie
mos move sev
naf move tun
nat move cly
par support bre
rum support mos move sev
ser support tri
spa/sc support tys move wes
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys move wes
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1925 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move mar
PHASE 1925 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud support tri
bul/ec hold
bur support hol move bel
cly move edi
den move kie
fin support stp
gal support rum
gre support bul/ec
hol move bel
iri move eng
kie hold
mid support spa/sc
mar move gol
mos support sev
naf move wes
par support bre
pie support ven move tyr
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
spa/sc support naf move wes
tri support tyr
tun hold
tyr support tri
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1925 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
tyr move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1925 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1926 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support bul/ec
boh move mun
bre hold
bud support tri
bul/ec hold
bur move par
edi move nth
eng support mid move bre
gal move boh
gre support alb
kie support boh move mun
mid move bre
mar move gol
mos support sev
par support bre
pie move mar
rum support sev
ser move alb
sev support rum
spa/sc move por
tri support ser move alb
tun hold
tyr support ven move tri
tys support mar move gol
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1926 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1926 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
arm move sev
bla support bul/ec
boh support vie move tyr
bre hold
bud support tri
bul/ec hold
bur move par
eng move lon
fin move nwy
gas support par move bre
gre support alb
kie move hol
gol support tys move wes
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun support vie move tyr
nth move bel
par move bre
pic support bur move par
por support spa/sc
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tyr support ven move tri
tys move wes
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1926 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move mid
tyr move pie
PHASE 1926 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1927 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
arm move sev
bla support bul/ec
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move gal
bul/ec hold
bur move mar
den move kie
gas support bre
gre support alb
hol move bel
lon move eng
lvp move cly
gol move mar
mid move gas
mos support sev
mun move kie
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie support ven
por support spa/sc
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
spa/sc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun move naf
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
ven hold
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1927 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support bul/ec
boh move mun
bre move gas
bul/ec hold
bur hold
cly move edi
den move kie
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas move mid
gre support alb
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mos support sev
mun move kie
naf support gas move mid
par move gas
pie support ven
por support spa/sc
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
ven hold
wes support gas move mid
PHASE 1927 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1927 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
remove mid
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1928 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
arm move sev
bel support mun move bur
bla support bul/ec
boh move mun
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul/ec hold
bur move mar
edi move cly
eng support nat move mid
gre support alb
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mos support sev
mun move bur
naf move wes
nat move mid
par support bre move gas
pie support ven
por move spa/sc
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1928 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support bul/ec
bud move gal
bul/ec hold
bur support spa/sc move mar
cly move nat
eng support iri move mid
gas support spa/sc move mar
gre support alb
iri move mid
gol support naf move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move ruh
naf move wes
par move bre
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
spa/sc move mar
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move pie
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1928 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1929 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support bul/ec
bre hold
bul/ec hold
bur support spa/sc move mar
eng move iri
gal support rum
gas support mid move spa
gre support alb
iri move mid
kie hold
lon move eng
gol support wes
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support sev
nat support iri move mid
pie move tus
ruh move hol
rum support sev
ser move alb
sev support rum
spa/sc move mar
tri support ser move alb
tyr support mar move pie
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie support tri
wes support gol
PHASE 1929 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support bul/ec
bre hold
bul/ec hold
bur support mar
eng support nat move mid
gal support rum
gas support spa/sc
gre support alb
hol hold
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support sev
nat move mid
pie move tus
rum support sev
ser move alb
sev support rum
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support sev
ven move apu
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1929 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move tun
PHASE 1929 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove tun
PHASE 1930 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move nap
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support bul/ec
bre move par
bud support rum
bul/ec hold
bur move ruh
eng move bre
gal move war
gas hold
gre support alb
hol hold
iri move mid
kie hold
gol support pie move tus
mid move naf
mos support sev
pie move tus
rum support sev
ser hold
sev support rum
spa/sc move mar
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr support ven
ukr support sev
ven support pie move tus
wes move tun
PHASE 1930 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support bul/ec
bud support rum
bul/ec hold
gas hold
gre support alb
hol hold
kie hold
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos hold
naf move wes
nap support rom
par hold
rom support nap
ruh hold
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support rum
tun support gol move tys
tus support gol move tys
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr support sev
ven move apu
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1930 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
remove rom
PHASE 1931 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tus move rom
bel hold
bre move pic
bud support rum
hol hold
kie hold
mar move gol
mos support sev
par hold
ruh hold
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support rum
spa/sc move wes
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tys move ion
ukr support sev
ven support tus move rom
vie move tri
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1931 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Italy: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
