PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa via convoy
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bul via convoy
bla convoy arm move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur hold
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
lvn move swe via convoy
nap move tun via convoy
nth support nrg
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum hold
spa hold
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move swe
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move alb
lvn move swe via convoy
mun move boh
pic move bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ukr move sev
smy move eas
spa move por
stp/sc support bot
tun move alb via convoy
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel support ruh move bur
ber move mun
boh move vie
bot move swe
bur move bel
den move swe
eas move ion
gre move alb
ion convoy tun move gre
lvn move stp
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser support gre move alb
sev move rum
stp/sc move lvn
tri support boh move vie
tun move gre via convoy
ven move apu
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
alb move ser
apu hold
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move rum
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul/ec support sev move bla
bur move par
den move swe
kie move bal
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap support tys move ion
pic move eng
por move spa via convoy
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bul/ec
ser move bul
sev move bla
stp/sc move fin
tri hold
tun hold
tys move ion
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move con
ion move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move nap
bal support den move swe
bel hold
bla support aeg move con
bot move swe
bul support ser move rum
bur move par
con move ank
den move swe
eng move lon
fin support bot move swe
ion move eas
gol move mar
mid move bre
mos move ukr
nap move ion
ruh support bur
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move war
spa move mar via convoy
tri move bud
tun hold
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
build Army mar
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel move pic
ber move lvn via convoy
bla move sev
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move par
con move smy
den move swe
eas convoy tun move syr
fin support bot move swe
ion convoy tun move syr
gol move tys
nap move rom
ruh support bur
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
spa move mar
tun move syr via convoy
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move gal
war support ber move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
bla convoy bul move ank
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul move ank via convoy
bur move par
den support bal move swe
eas support syr move smy
fin support swe
gal move ukr
gre support smy move aeg
ion move aeg
lon move yor
lvn support war move mos
mar move bur
pic support bur move par
rom move ven
ruh support bur
rum hold
ser hold
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe hold
syr move smy
tri move alb
tys move ion
ukr move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army rom
remove rum
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ank support aeg move smy
bal move bot
bla move con
bre move pic
bud support ven move tri
bur hold
den move ska
eas support ion move aeg
fin hold
gal move ukr
gas move bur
gre hold
ion move aeg
kie move den
lvn move stp
mar support gas move bur
mos support gal move ukr
par support bre move pic
pic move par
rom move ven
ruh support bur
ser support gre
sev hold
smy move con
swe hold
tys move ion
ukr hold
ven move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army/dislodged pic
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
pic move bel
smy move syr
ukr disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support ion move gre
ank support smy
bel support bur
bla move rum
bot support ska move swe
bud support tri move ser
bur hold
den support ska move swe
eas support syr move smy
fin move bot
gas move bur
gre move aeg
ion move gre
mar support gas move bur
mos move sev
par support gas move bur
pic move bel
ruh support bur
ser move gre
sev move arm
ska move swe
swe move bal
syr move smy
tri move ser
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mun
gre move bul/sc
ser move bul
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bal
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet con
remove fin
build Army kie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
alb move ion
ank support smy
bel move pic
ber move sil
bot move bal
bre move gas
bud support ukr move rum
bur support pic move bel
con support smy
den move kie
eas support syr move smy
edi move nth
gre move bul/sc
kie move hol
mun move bur
pic move bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
syr move smy
tri move ven
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy
bal move den
bel move pic
bla move bul/ec
bud hold
bul/sc move gre
bur support bel move pic
con move aeg
eas move smy
edi move nth
gas move bur
hol move bel
ion support ser move gre
kie support bal move den
mar support gas move bur
par support gas move bur
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser move gre
sil move boh
smy support con move aeg
stp support nwy
syr support eas move smy
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bre
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
ank support smy
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud support gre move ser
bul/sc move con
bur move ruh
con support smy
den move nth
eas support syr move smy
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion move gre
mar move pie
mun support ruh
pic move bel
ruh move bur
smy support con
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri support ven move tyr
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
bel support ruh move bur
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud support tyr move vie
bul/sc move con
bur move ruh
eas move ion
gas move bre via convoy
hol move lon via convoy
kie move hol
mun move bur
nth convoy hol move lon
nwy move bar
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
ser move bul
smy support bul/sc move con
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
France: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move con
ank hold
bar move nrg
bel move pic
boh move tyr
bud support vie
bur support bel move pic
con move ank
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move con
kie move hel
lon move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun support bur
nap move con via convoy
nth move nwy
par support mar move bur
pic move eng
pru move sil
ruh support bur
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
smy support con move ank
tri support boh move tyr
ven support boh move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bel support pic
bre support bur move par
bud hold
bul/sc hold
bur move par
con support arm move ank
eng move lon
hel move nth
ion move tys
mar move bur
mun support bur
nwy support bar move nrg
par move pic
pic support bur move par
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser hold
sil move boh
smy support arm move ank
tri hold
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
ven move tus
vie hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army ank
France: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nth move edi
nrg support nth
nwy move nth
par support bel move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser move rum
smy move ank
tri support vie
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
boh move vie
bud support rum
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
con move ank
gal support sev move rum
hol support nth
gol move spa/sc
mun move boh
nth support wal move bel
nrg support nth
nwy support nth
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie support bur move mar
rum support bud
sev move rum
sil support boh
smy support con move ank
tri support vie
tun move wes
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Germany: army/dislodged ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bud support rum
con move bla
gol move mar
nap move tys
rom move tus
rum support bud
smy support ank move arm
spa/sc support gol move mar
tri support vie
tyr move boh
ven move pie
vie hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: army/dislodged arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
