PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
bre move mid
bud move ser
edi move cly
kie move den
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move apu
par move pic
rom support ven
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu move ion
ber hold
bla support ukr move rum
bur move ruh
cly move edi
mid move por
pic move bel
rom move nap
ser move rum
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven hold
wal move eng
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support rum move bul
bot move bal
bud hold
den move ska
edi move nrg
eng move nth
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
lon move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nap move gre via convoy
por move mid
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser hold
tri move vie
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal support lvn move pru
bel move hol
ber move mun via convoy
bre move pic
bud move rum
bur move mun
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move den
lvn move pru
nap move gre via convoy
nrg move nwy
ruh support bel move hol
ser support bul move rum
ska move nwy
ven hold
vie move gal
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
bla support ukr move rum
bud support rum
bul support ukr move rum
bur move mun
den move kie
gal support rum
hol move kie
ion move aeg
mid move spa/sc
nth support yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
ser support rum
ska move den
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support gre
bal move swe
ber move kie
bla move rum
bud support gal
bul support bla move rum
den move hel
gal hold
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move kie
mun support ruh move kie
nth support yor move den
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move bul
ska move den
tys move tun
ukr support bla move rum
ven move pie
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove den
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
bre move par
bud move rum
bul support gre move con
gal support bud move rum
gre move con via convoy
hel move den
hol move kie
kie move ber
mos move sev
mun support kie move ber
par move pic
pie support ven
sev move ukr
swe move bal
tun move wes
ukr support mos move sev
ven support pie
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bla
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
arm support rum move sev
bel move hol
bla move rum
bul move rum
con move smy
edi move nth
gal move ukr
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nwy move ska
par move bur
rum move sev
sev support bla move rum
spa/sc move wes
tri move bud
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes move mid
yor move nwy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move vie
sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
arm move ank
bal move swe
ber move kie
bla support mos move sev
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur move gas
gal move ukr
hol move hel
kie move hol
mid move por
mar support tyr move pie
mos move sev
par move bre
pie hold
rom move tys
smy support arm move ank
tyr move pie
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
wes support bre move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
pie move ven
sev disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bla support sev move rum
bud support rum
con move bla
den move kie
eng hold
gas move spa
hel move hol
hol move kie
kie move mun
mid move por
mar move pie
nth support ska move den
pic move bel
pie move tus
por hold
rum hold
sev move rum
ska move den
smy move con
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla move rum
bud support rum
con move aeg
gal move ukr
hel move hol
hol move ruh
kie move mun
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa move por
pie move mar
por support gol move spa
rom move tus
rum hold
sev support bla move rum
smy move con
spa move por
tri support ven
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ukr support bla move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bla move ank
bud move gal
gal move ukr
kie support ruh move mun
mid move spa/sc
por support mid move spa
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move gol
swe move bal
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move nap
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move ber
bud move vie
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move nth
gal move sil
hol move kie
ion support nap
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth move ska
pie support ven
por move spa
rom move nap
rum move gal
sev hold
spa/sc move gol
tri move adr
tys support spa/sc move gol
ukr move war
ven support nap move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army/dislodged rom
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gol move wes
rom move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
boh support vie move tyr
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move boh
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom hold
sil support pru move ber
stp move nwy
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven support rom
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
remove hol
build Army nap
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support ber
bla hold
boh support sil move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
kie move ber
lon hold
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
mun support kie move ber
nap support rom
nth support edi move nwy
pie support ven move tus
pru support ber
rom support tun move tys
sil move mun
ska move swe
stp/sc move bot
tun move tys
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven move tus
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bot move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
ion support tun move tys
lon hold
gol move tus
mun support ber move kie
nap support rom
nwy support bot move swe
rom support tun move tys
tun move tys
tyr move pie
ven support gol move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
boh move mun
ion move tun
kie support bal move den
mun move ruh
nap move apu
pru move ber
rom move tys
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tus support ven move pie
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: army/dislodged den
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu hold
ber move kie
bot move bal
den support ska move nth
edi move nwy via convoy
kie move hol
lon hold
gol move mar
mun move bur
nth support edi move nwy
pie support gol move mar
sev move ank via convoy
ska move nth
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys move ion
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move tun via convoy
bur support ruh move bel
edi hold
ion convoy apu move tun
lon hold
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mun move ruh
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh move bel
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
ion move aeg
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
nap move ion
ruh move bur
spa/sc move por
tun move naf
tus hold
tyr move mun
ven hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bur move par
gas move bre
ion move aeg
gol move wes
mid support gas move bre
mar hold
rom hold
spa/sc move por
tri move bud
tus move pie
ven hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bre support bur move par
bur move par
mid move eng
mar hold
naf move spa via convoy
pie support mar
por hold
smy hold
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move wal via convoy
edi hold
eng convoy bre move wal
lon move hol via convoy
tri move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
eng support wal move lon
mar hold
nap move ion
por hold
rom move nap
ven hold
wal move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: army lon
Austria: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: army lon
Austria: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
edi hold
eng move iri
lon move yor
vie move bud
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: army yor
ORDERS
iri support yor move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
gal move ukr
iri move nat
mid move nat
par move bur
por move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
boh move sil
bur move ruh
con move ank
gal move war
ion convoy nap move gre
iri move nat
mun support boh move sil
nap move gre via convoy
smy move con
ukr support arm move sev
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
con support ank move bla
mid move nat
mun move kie
nat move nrg
ruh support mun move kie
sil move ber
tri move adr
ukr move mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
bud move ser
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
nrg support lvp move edi
ruh move hol
vie move boh
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: army edi
Austria: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
