PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move vie
hol hold
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
tri move vie
ukr move rum
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar support nwy move stp
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul hold
con support bul
gal move boh
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie move hel
lon move nwy
mar move gol
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
par move pic
por move mid
rum hold
ser move rum
sev support rum
spa move gas
tri move ser
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move sev
bar support stp
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul support ion move gre
con move smy
den move kie
eas move ion
eng convoy pic move lon
gas move bre
hel move den
ion move gre
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mos support sev
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pic move lon
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
tun hold
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bre move pic
bul hold
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
ion move adr
kie move mun
lon move eng
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nap move tys
nth support lon move eng
nwy move fin
pic move wal
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
sev move rum
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bel move ruh
bla move rum
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move bel
fin support nwy move swe
mos support sil move war
nth support eng move bel
nwy move swe
pic move bur
ser support bul move gre
sev support bla move rum
sil move war
stp hold
tri move bud
tun move tus
tys convoy tun move tus
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
war disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel move nth
ber move mun
bre move gas
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur support ruh move bel
con move bul
fin move stp
gre support ser
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support vie move bud
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tus move ven
tys move gol
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla move con
bud support tri move vie
bul move gre
bur support gas move mar
gas move mar
gre move alb
iri move nat
lvn move mos
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
nth move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
rum move ser
ser support vie move tri
sev move bla
stp support lvn move mos
tri move vie
tyr move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
ank move sev
bel move hol
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move eng
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move hel
gre support ser
iri move nat
lon move nth
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mos support stp move lvn
nth support hol move bel
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
par move bur
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev move rum
stp move lvn
tri move adr
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ion
bla move rum
bud support tri move ser
bur support ruh move mun
cly move lvp
con move aeg
eng move nth
gre move bul
lon support eng move nth
lvn move war
mar hold
mos support lvn move war
nat move lvp
nth move yor
nrg move nth
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev move mos
spa/sc support mar
tri move ser
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
mun move ber
ser disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army rom
remove stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg hold
bel move hol
bla move con
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con move bul
gre hold
ion hold
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nat move lvp
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nth
rom move ven
rum move gal
spa/sc move por
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur support mar
cly move lvp
con move bul/sc
edi move nth
gal move sil
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvn move pru
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mos support ukr move war
nat move lvp
nth move nwy
nrg move nat
pie move mar
rum move gal
spa/sc move por
tri move adr
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
boh move mun
bre move gas
bul/sc move gre
bur support mar
cly support nrg move nat
con move bul
gal move boh
gas move spa/nc
gre move alb
lon move nth
gol support gas move spa/nc
mid support por move spa/sc
mar support bre move gas
mos move stp
nat move lvp
nrg move nat
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rum move gal
sil support gal move boh
tys move wes
ven move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
boh move mun
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur support mar
cly support nat move lvp
gal move boh
gas support gol move spa/sc
gre move ion
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support por move spa/sc
nat move lvp
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
tyr support boh move mun
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move iri
mun move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army con
remove lvp
build Army smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move gas
bur support mar
con move bul
edi move nth
gas move mid
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lvn move war
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support por move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move kie
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur support mar
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move boh
gas support spa/sc
hol move nth
kie move den
gol support spa/sc
mid support por move spa/sc
mar support por move spa/sc
mun move kie
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support bel move hol
sil support boh move mun
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
boh support sil move mun
bre support par move gas
bur support mar
edi move nth
gas move mid
hol support ruh
kie support mun move ruh
lvp move nat
gol support spa/sc
mid move wes
mos hold
mun move ruh
par move gas
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
ruh support hol
sil move mun
spa/sc support gas move mid
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move ven
tys move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber support sil move mun
bre move mid
bur support mar
gas support mar
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support mun move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nth move hel
pie move mar
por support mid move spa/sc
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bud
sil move mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe move nwy
tus hold
tys move rom
ven move pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove gol
build Army par
remove pie
remove ser
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
boh support bud move vie
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
gas move mar
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move ruh
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support kie move ruh
nap support tus move rom
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rom hold
ruh move mun
sev move arm
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move rom
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
rom move tys
tri move adr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move bul
hel support kie
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move wes
mar move tus
mos hold
nap support rom
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support ber move kie
ser move tri
sev hold
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe move bal
tri support ven
tun move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tus
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
bal move ber
bel support hel move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur support mun
hel move hol
kie support bal move ber
gol support wes move tys
mar support pie
mos move lvn
nap move ion
par move pic
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh support ber move kie
sev move rum
spa/sc move wes
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr move mos
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
tys move tus
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber support hol move kie
boh support ruh move mun
bul move rum
bur support bel move ruh
gas move mar
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support arm move sev
mun support pie move tyr
nap move ion
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa/sc move gol
tri move apu
tun move tys
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
England: army/dislodged sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
pie move ven
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army par
remove rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu support tus move rom
bel move hol
boh move sil
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur support sil move mun
con move bul
gas move mar
ion move gre
kie support ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
par move pic
pie support tri move ven
pru support boh move sil
ruh support sil move mun
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Turkey: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tus
ven move tus
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support bul move gre
apu move nap
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre hold
hol move ruh
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support apu move nap
ruh move mun
rum move bud
sil support pru move ber
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys support wes move tun
ven support tyr move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
pie move mar
tun move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bel move nwy
boh support bud move vie
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nap support rom
nth convoy bel move nwy
par move pic
pie hold
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven support pie
vie support mun move tyr
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur support mun
fin support stp move nwy
gre move alb
ion move tun
kie support ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
naf support ion move tun
nap support rom
nth support nwy
pic move bel
pie hold
pru move sil
rom hold
sil move mun
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support tun
ven support pie
vie support adr move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Turkey: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
France: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tyr
tri move bud
ven move apu
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
