PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy support ank move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul support rum
con support bul
den move swe
eng move bel
gal move ukr
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move por
mun move sil
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move ank
spa hold
ven move rom
war hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel support lon move eng
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur support par move pic
con support bul
den move swe
gre move aeg
hol support mun move ruh
ion move eas
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
par move pic
por move mid
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev move ukr
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa move gas
ukr support bud move rum
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal support den move swe
bel support eng
bot support nwy move swe
bre move eng
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
con support bul
den move swe
eas support ion move aeg
eng support iri move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gas support bur
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
iri move mid
mid support bre move eng
mos support sev move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel
nwy move stp
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move ukr
smy move syr
ukr move rum
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet lvp
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move ber
bel support eng
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support con
bur support pic move bel
con support syr move smy
eas move syr
eng support bel
gal move ukr
gas support bur
gre support rum move bul
hol support bel
iri support lvp move nat
lvp move nat
mid support bre move eng
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nth support eng
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
sil move war
smy move ank
syr move smy
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy
bel support eng
ber move bal
bla move ank
bre move eng
bul support aeg move con
bur support pic move bel
con support smy
eng support nat move mid
gal move war
gas support bur
gre support bul
hol move kie
iri support nat move mid
mid support bre move eng
mun move sil
nat move mid
nth support eng
pic move bel
pru move lvn
ruh support bel
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move mos
smy support con
stp move mos
swe move den
syr move smy
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move spa/nc
war disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move den
bel hold
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support con
bur support pic move bel
con support gre move aeg
den move kie
eng support iri move mid
gas move mar
gre move aeg
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvn support sil move war
mid move wes
nap move tys
nth support bel
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh support kie move mun
rum move sev
sil move war
smy support ank move con
spa/nc move mid
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri move ven
ukr support war move mos
vie hold
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
ank move con
bel hold
bre support spa/nc move mid
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
iri move mid
kie move hol
lvn support stp move mos
mar move spa
mos support gal move war
mun move sil
nth support bel
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move gal
smy support ank move con
spa/nc move mid
stp move mos
syr move smy
tus move gol
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war support stp move mos
wes support iri move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move eas
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eas
build Army lon
remove sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support lon move pic
bla hold
bre support spa/nc move mid
bud move vie
bur support tyr move mun
con move ank
den hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support war
hol support bel
iri support wes move mid
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move war
gol support tys move wes
mar move spa
mos support lvn move war
nth support bel
pic move bel
pru support lvn move war
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/nc move mid
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war move mos
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
pic move par
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel support pic
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bur move ruh
con move ank
den hold
eng move mid
gal support ukr move war
hol support bel
iri support eng move mid
gol move wes
mar support bur
mos support ukr move war
naf support eng move mid
nth move eng
par move pic
pic hold
pru support war
ruh support sil move mun
sev support mos
smy hold
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie support gal
war support stp move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
remove nth
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support pic
boh move sil
bre support par move pic
bur move bel
den move bal
eng support naf move mid
gal support ukr move war
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri support naf move mid
gol move wes
mar support spa/nc
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
naf move mid
par move pic
pic support ruh move bur
pru support war
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support ruh move mun
smy move aeg
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp move mos
tri hold
tun support wes move naf
tyr hold
ukr move war
vie move boh
war support stp move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bal move ber
bel move pic
boh move sil
bre support naf move mid
bur support pic move bel
con hold
eng support mid move bre
gal support lvn move war
iri move mid
kie support bal move ber
lvn move war
mid move bre
mar support spa/nc
mun move ruh
naf move mid
pic move bel
pru support war
ruh support sil move mun
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/nc support naf move mid
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tun move naf
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tyr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
bre move pic
mun move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mid
remove naf
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move bal
boh move gal
bre support lon move pic
bud move vie
bur support pic
con move bla
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support bud move vie
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie hold
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move sil
pic support bel
pru move lvn
rom move nap
ruh move bur
ser move bul
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa/nc support mar move gas
stp move mos
tri move alb
tyr support sil move boh
ukr support gal
ven move rom
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move bot
bel move pic
bla support con move bul
bre move gas
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
eng support hol move bel
gas move bre
hol move bel
kie move hol
mid move por
mun support pic move bur
nat move mid
pic move bur
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
sil support mun
spa/nc move por
stp move mos
tys move ion
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
bel support eng move pic
bla move sev
boh move vie
bot support stp
bre support nat move mid
bul move ser
bur move par
eng move pic
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre move ion
ion move apu
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun move boh
nat move mid
nap support alb move ion
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pru move lvn
rom move apu
ruh move mun
sil support mun move boh
spa/nc move mid
stp move mos
tyr hold
ukr move sev
vie move bud
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
ion move adr
stp move nwy
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
bla move sev
boh move tyr
bot support nwy move stp
bud support rum move ser
bur support mar move gas
con move bul/ec
gas move spa
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion move tun
lvn support war move mos
mid support gas move spa
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun support boh move tyr
nap move ion
nwy move stp
par support mar move gas
pic move eng
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser move rum
sil move war
spa/nc support mar move gas
stp move mos
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
vie support tyr move tri
war move mos
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
England: army stp
Austria: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
ser move alb
spa/nc move por
stp move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove por
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
ber move sil
bot move swe
bre support lon move gas
bud support vie move tri
bul/ec hold
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move gas
fin move swe
gas move bre
gre support bul/ec
hol hold
kie move mun
lon move gas via convoy
lvn move mos
mid convoy lon move gas
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move ion
par support gas move bre
rom support tri move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun support nap move ion
tyr support alb move tri
ukr move sev
vie move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
boh support tyr move vie
bot move swe
bre hold
bud support vie move tri
bul/ec move rum
bur move mar
eng support pic move bre
fin move nwy
gas move par
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion move gre
gol support spa move mar
mid move por
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nwy move stp
par support bre
pic move bre
rom support ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move gal
spa move mar
tun hold
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move con
tri disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
remove vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank support con
arm move smy
bel move hol
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move rum
con support ank
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal support sev move rum
gas support mar move bur
gre move aeg
hol move kie
kie move mun
gol move tys
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
par hold
por move mid
rom move ven
ser move bud
sev move rum
swe hold
tri support ven move tyr
tun move ion
ven move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
ank move smy
bel support edi move nth
boh support mun
bud support tyr move vie
bul support smy move con
bur move par
con support ank move smy
edi move nth
eng move bre
gal support rum
gas support bur move par
gre move ion
kie support hol
mid move wes
nth move ska
nwy hold
par move bre
sev support rum
smy move con
stp move mos
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tun move wes
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support edi move nth
ber move bal
boh move vie
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal support boh move vie
gas move mar
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion support ser move gre
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move naf
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move lon
nwy move fin
par move bur
rom support tri move ven
rum support gre move bul
ser move gre
sev move mos
ska move nwy
smy support ank move con
stp support ska move nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
ven move adr
vie move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
alb move tri
bal move den
bel support nth
bud move vie
bul support gre
bur hold
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eng move mid
fin support mos move stp
gal support rum move bud
gre support bul
ion move nap
lon move eng
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
naf support mid move wes
nap move rom
nth support nwy
nwy support stp
rom support ion move nap
rum move bud
smy move con
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
England: fleet/dislodged nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
nap move tys
stp move lvn
ven move apu
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove fin
remove gre
build Army mun
remove naf
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move ven
bel support eng move nth
ber move sil
bud move tri
bul support ser
bur move ruh
con move bla
den move nth
eng move nth
gal move bud
kie support hol
lvn move mos
mid move eng
nap hold
nth move hel
nwy support eng move nth
pie move mar
rom support apu move ven
rum move ser
ser support tri
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ser
tun hold
tys support wes
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
tri move alb
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
con support bul
den move hel
eng hold
hel move kie
hol hold
kie move ruh
mar move bur
mos move war
mun support kie move ruh
nap move apu
nth support ska move den
rom support ven
ruh move hol
rum support tri move ser
ser support bul move rum
sil move ber
ska move den
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr support vie move tri
tys support wes move tun
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove ser
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber support ruh move kie
bla move sev
bud move rum
bur move mun
den support kie
edi move nrg
eng move mid
hol support lon move bel
kie support den
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move edi
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move stp
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev move mos
smy move eas
swe move den
tri move bud
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bul move gre
apu move nap
bal support den move swe
bel move bur
ber support kie
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
eas move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
gal move sil
hol move ruh
ion move gre
kie hold
mid move wes
mos support ukr move war
mun support kie
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pru move sil
rom support apu move nap
rum support con move bul
sev move bla
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move pie
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven move pie
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
ber move pru
bla move con
bur move mun
con move aeg
edi move hol via convoy
gal move sil
gre move alb
ion move adr
kie support mun move ruh
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap hold
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser move tri
ska move nwy
smy move eas
stp support ska move nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move pie
war support ber move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move bel
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg move ion
alb hold
bal convoy pru move den
bel move ruh
ber support lvn move pru
bla move con
bud move gal
bur support bel move ruh
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
hol move kie
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move pru
mar move pie
nap support aeg move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pru move den via convoy
rom support ven
ruh move hol
sil support lvn move pru
ska move nth
stp move nwy
swe support pru move den
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven support rom
war support lvn move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove gol
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bal support ruh move kie
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla move con
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support ruh move kie
eas move ion
gal move boh
hol move ruh
kie support hol move ruh
mun support hol move ruh
nap support aeg move ion
nth support swe move ska
nrg move nwy
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rom support ven
ruh move kie
sil support mun
ska move nth
stp move fin
swe move ska
tun move ion
tys move nap
ven support rom
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support gre move ion
bal move ber
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
den support kie
eas support gre move ion
fin move swe
gre move ion
hol support bur move ruh
ion move nap
kie support bal move ber
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nap support gre move ion
nth move bel
nwy support ska move swe
pie move tyr
rom support nap
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sil support ber
ska move swe
tri support ven
tys support ion move nap
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support ion
bal move ber
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support mun
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
den move kie
eas support ion
edi move nrg
fin move nwy
hol support kie move ruh
ion hold
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mun support vie move tyr
nap support ion
nwy support swe
pie move mar
rom support ven
ruh move bur
sil support ber
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun support tys
tys support tun
ukr move war
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bal move bot
bel move eng
bur move mun
eas support aeg move ion
eng move mid
gre support ion move alb
hol support kie
ion move alb
kie support bur move mun
mar move pie
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
ruh support bur move mun
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tun support tys
tys support tun
wal move lon
war move pru
