PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
den move swe
gal move bud
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
nap move rom
nth move nwy
rum hold
ser move gre
spa move por
tri support ven
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move sil
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nth
gal move boh
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon hold
mid move naf
mar move gol
mun support ber move sil
nth move ska
nwy move swe
por move spa
rom move ven
ser support tri move bud
smy move eas
spa move gas
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal support den move swe
bel move hol
boh move vie
bot support bal move swe
bud support vie
con move bul
den move swe
eas move ion
gal support boh move vie
gas move par
gre support con move bul
ion move tun
kie support mun
gol move tys
mid move wes
naf move tun
nth move nrg
nwy support ska move swe
rum hold
ser support bud
sil move war
ska move swe
spa move mar
tri move ven
tyr support boh move vie
ven hold
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move pru
bot move swe
bud hold
bul support gre move ser
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
gal support vie move bud
gre move ser
hol move ruh
ion move apu
kie move mun
mar move pie
mun move sil
naf move tun
nap support rom move tys
nrg move nth
nwy support bot move swe
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support bud
ska support bot move swe
tri move adr
tyr move tri
tys support naf move tun
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support adr move tri
apu support ion move nap
bal support den
bud hold
bul move rum
gal move war
ion move nap
lon hold
mun move ruh
nap support rom
nth support ska move den
nwy hold
par move pic
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support nap
ruh move bel
ser support bul move rum
sil move boh
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tri move vie
tun support tys
tys support ion move rom
ven support rom
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
rum move bla
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
remove gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
apu support ion move nap
bal support kie
bel support ruh move hol
bla move sev
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud hold
con move bla
den hold
edi move nrg
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie support bal
lon hold
mid move iri
mos move sev
nap support rom
nth support den
nwy hold
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom support nap
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move adr
tun support tys
tys support nap move ion
ven support rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bla disband
bud move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
apu support ion
bal support kie move den
bla move sev
bud move ser
den support nwy move swe
eng convoy pic move lvp
gal move rum
gre support ion
hol move ruh
ion hold
iri convoy pic move lvp
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
nap support rom
nth support den
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
pic move lvp via convoy
rom support nap
rum move ser
tri move ser
tun support tys
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Army mun
remove nwy
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move nap
bal support kie move den
bel move hol
bre move mid
bud support gal move vie
con move aeg
den hold
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre move alb
ion move adr
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move edi
mos move stp
mun move boh
nat move mid
nap support rom
nth support den
rom support nap
ruh move hol
rum move ser
sev move bla
smy move con
stp move fin
tri support gal move vie
tun support tys
tus move pie
tys support nap move ion
ven support rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal support fin move swe
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
fin move swe
hel move kie
lon hold
nat move mid
nap support tys move ion
nth move hol
pie support ven
rom support nap
ruh move kie
ser move tri
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun support tys
tys support tun
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
swe disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove con
remove hel
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
remove nat
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
apu support ion move nap
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel support kie move hol
ber move lvn via convoy
bre move pic
bud support ven move tri
bul move rum
den move nth
edi move yor
gal move ukr
ion move nap
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvp move cly
mar move bur
mun move sil
nap support rom
nth move hol
rom support nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tun support tys
tys support tun
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support adr move ven
bal move den
bud support ukr move rum
bul move ser
cly move edi
den move nth
eng move lon
hol support bel
ion move nap
lvn move mos
nap support rom
nth move lon
pie support ven
rom support nap
ruh support bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move mun
stp support lvn move mos
tri support adr move ven
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud
wal support nth move lon
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove bud
build Army con
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu support ven
ber move sil
bul move ser
con move bul
den support nth
eng move lon
hol support bel
ion support tys
lon hold
lvp move wal
mos move sev
nap move apu
nth support eng move lon
pic move eng
pie move tus
rom support nap
ruh support bel
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev hold
stp move mos
tri support ven
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
arm support sev
bul move ser
bur hold
con move bul
den move nth
hol support den move nth
ion move nap
lon support wal move yor
mos move sev
nap support rom move tys
nth move nrg
rom move tys
ruh support bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
sil move gal
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven support apu
vie move bud
wal move yor
yor move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm support sev
bel support ruh move bur
bre move pic
bul support rum
bur support bre move pic
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hol support nth
lon move nth
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap support tys move ion
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
par support bur
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
stp move nwy
tri move alb
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie support gal move bud
yor support edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy con move tri
aeg convoy con move tri
alb support con move tri
arm support sev
bel support ruh move bur
bud support tyr move tri
bul support rum
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
con move tri via convoy
den move nth
edi support nth
eng support pic move bel
hol support bel
ion convoy con move tri
mar support par move bur
mos support ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nth support pic move bel
nrg support den move nth
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support ser
ser support con move tri
sev support rum
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ven support con move tri
vie support bud
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
alb move gre
arm support sev
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
cly move lvp
den move nth
edi support nth move nrg
eng support bur move bel
hol support bel
ion support nap
kie move hel
mar support par move bur
mun support vie move tyr
nap support ion
nth move nrg
nrg support den move nth
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support bul move rum
tri support rum move bud
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie move tyr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet/dislodged nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nrg move nat
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
arm support sev
bud support ser move tri
bur move bel
cly move lvp
con move aeg
edi support nrg move cly
eng support bur move bel
gal support vie
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion support nap
mar move spa
mun move bur
nat move mid
nap support ion
nth move nwy
nrg move cly
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pie move tus
ruh support bel
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev support rum
tri move ven
ven move apu
vie support tyr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
