PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre via convoy
bla hold
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move swe
gal support rum
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ukr move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move con
bul hold
bur move pic
con move smy
den move swe
fin support nwy move swe
gal move sil
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move hel
nrg support lon move nth
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move eas
spa move gas
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
arm move ank
bel hold
bla move sev
bul hold
bur support bel
con move ank
fin move bot
gas move par
gre support bul
hel support nth move den
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
mid move bre
mar support bur
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic support ruh move bel
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum move bla
sil support tyr move mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nth move den
tus hold
tyr move mun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move smy
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move eng
bul support bla move con
bur move ruh
den support hel move kie
edi move nrg
hel move kie
ion move aeg
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun move sil
nap move tys
nrg move bar
par move pic
sil move war
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move ven
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bot move fin
bul support aeg move con
bur move gas
con support aeg move smy
den move bal
edi move nrg
eng move bel
gre move spa via convoy
ion convoy gre move spa
kie hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic support eng move bel
ruh move hol
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tyr move mun
tys convoy gre move spa
ven hold
war move mos
wes convoy gre move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
bal move ber
bar support fin move stp
bel support ruh move hol
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
eas move aeg
edi move yor
fin move stp/sc
gas move spa
ion move aeg
kie hold
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move eng
nrg support nwy move bar
nwy move bar
pic move bur
rom move tus
ruh move hol
smy move con
spa move por
swe move fin
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support eas move smy
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
bla move bul/ec
bul hold
bur support mar
con support bla move bul
eas move smy
eng move bre
fin support bar move stp
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid support por move spa
mar support spa
nap move tys
nrg move nth
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move lvn
ruh support kie move hol
rum support bul
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move con
tus support tys move gol
tyr move ven
tys move gol
yor move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove gol
remove mid
remove spa
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support aeg move con
bur move gas
edi move cly
fin move swe
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol support nth move bel
lon move eng
lvn move pru
lvp move yor
mar move gol
mun support ber move kie
pie move tus
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bul
sev move arm
tri move adr
tus move rom
tys support aeg move ion
ven move tus
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
ank support con
arm move smy
bul move gre
cly move nat
con support ank
eng move mid
gas move bre
hel move kie
hol move hel
ion move alb
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move tus
pru move ber
ruh support mun move kie
rum move bul
smy move eas
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
tys move nap
ven support tyr move pie
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet mar
remove nat
build Army par
build Fleet tri
remove tus
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move adr
ank move arm
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bla
den move kie
fin move stp
gre move alb
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support tyr move mun
mid support wes move spa
mar move gol
nap support rom
nth support hel move hol
nwy move fin
par move pic
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom support nap
ruh support tyr move mun
smy move ank
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ven support pie move tus
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
ank hold
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bel move eng
bla support arm move sev
con support ank
den move bal
fin support stp
gal move war
gre move bul
hol support den move kie
kie support bel move hol
lvn move mos
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move spa
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move den
par move bur
pic move bel
por move mid
rom move tys
ruh support kie
rum move bul
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri hold
tun support aeg move ion
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
