PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move por
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support ukr move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support nwy move stp
bel support par move bur
ber move pru
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud support vie
bul support aeg move gre
con move bul
den move swe
gal move war
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
por move spa
rum hold
ser support gre
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun support nap move ion
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie support bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bar support stp
bel support bur
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move bul
den move swe
fin support bot move stp
hol hold
lvn support war
gol move tys
mun hold
nwy support stp
pic move bre
pru support sil move war
ser support bud move rum
sil move war
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp hold
vie move bud
war support lvn
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove fin
build Army kie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
bar support nwy move stp
bel support bur
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move bul/sc
hol support kie move ruh
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mun support kie move ruh
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pru move war
rom hold
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
swe hold
tun support ion move tys
tys support wes move tun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support lvn move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal move ber
bar move nrg
bel support bur
bul/sc support gre
bur support bel
con move bul
gal move ukr
gre support bul/sc
hol hold
ion move gre
mid move naf
mar support bur
mos support war
mun support sil move ber
nap support tun move tys
nwy move stp
pru support ukr move war
rom hold
ruh hold
rum support con move bul
ser support bul/sc
sil move ber
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tun move tys
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move tus
war hold
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove rum
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nwy
bel support bur
ber move pru
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur support mar
con move bul
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion support aeg move gre
kie move mun
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support tun move ion
nth move eng
nrg move nth
pru move lvn
rom hold
ruh hold
ser move bul
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys support naf move tun
ukr move sev
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bul support gre
con move bul
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move vie
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion hold
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move mos
mun move bur
nap support ion
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pie move ven
pru move war
rom hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bul
stp support mos
swe move den
tun support tys
tyr move vie
tys support tun
ukr move sev
ven move tri
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
remove tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel hold
ber move mun
bre move par
bul support gre
bur move par
con move ank
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gre support bul
ion support nap move tys
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move nat
mar move spa
mos support rum move sev
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move nrg
pru move war
rom hold
ruh hold
rum move sev
sev hold
stp hold
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
arm move smy
bel move pic
boh move vie
bre move par
bul support gre
bur move par
con hold
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre support bul
ion support tys move tun
iri move lvp
lon move eng
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nrg move nat
rom move ven
ruh move bur
spa move gas
tri support vie
tyr support boh move vie
tys move tun
ukr move sev
vie support tri
war move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bel move hol
boh move tyr
bre support pic move par
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bla
den move kie
eng move mid
gal support sev move rum
gas move bre
ion move tys
lon move nth
mun move ruh
nat support wes move mid
par support gas move bre
pic move par
rum move gal
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tri support vie
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie support rum move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh support war move gal
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move ank
eng support bre
gal move boh
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol move bel
kie move hol
lvp support nrg move nat
gol support gas move mar
mid support par move bre
mos support sev
nat move iri
nth convoy nwy move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move bel via convoy
par move bre
pic move par
pie support mar
ruh support kie move hol
sev hold
tri move tyr
tys move tus
ven move pie
vie support gal move boh
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move mun
mar move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bre support pic move par
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support mun
eng move mid
hol move bel
iri move eng
lvp move iri
gol support mar
mid support par move bre
mos support sev
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
nwy move stp
par move bre
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev support bla move rum
spa/sc support mid
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move boh
ven support tus move pie
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bur support mun
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move bur
kie support mun
gol move wes
mar support gas move bur
mos support sev
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
par support bre move gas
pie move gol
rum support arm move sev
sil support gal move war
spa/sc support mid
stp move lvn
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove iri
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
arm support ank move sev
ber support mun
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
eng move mid
gas move bre
kie support mun
lvn move war
lvp move iri
gol hold
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos support lvn move war
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
par support ruh move bur
pie support mar
pru support lvn move war
ruh move bur
sev move mos
sil move pru
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move pic
mid move por
mos move stp
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move bla
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla move sev
boh support tyr move mun
eng move bre
gal support war
gas move spa
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
lvn support pru move war
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
nat move mid
par support bel move pic
pic move bur
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru move war
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc support mar
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
war support sil move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove nat
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
arm hold
ber support mun
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move mun
bre move gas
bur support mun
gal move sil
gas move mar
iri move nat
kie move den
lvn move pru
gol support spa/sc
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun hold
par move pic
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru move lvn
sev move mos
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
war support pru move lvn
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
arm hold
bel move nth
ber support mun
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move mun
bre support mid
bur support mun
den move swe
gas move mar
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc
mid move naf
mar move bur
mos move stp
nat move nrg
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support por
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
stp move nwy
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move bla
bel move bur
bla move sev
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur move mar
gas support bur move mar
kie support ber
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid hold
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun support sil move ber
nth move den
nrg move nat
pie support mar
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sev move mos
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc support por move mid
stp hold
swe move fin
tyr support mun
ukr move rum
vie move bud
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
fin move stp
gas move bre
kie support ber
lvn support stp
mar support spa/sc
mos support stp
mun move ber
nat move iri
nwy support fin move stp
pie support mar
pru support mun move ber
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sev hold
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support mid
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys move tun
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
eas hold
eng support naf move mid
fin support nwy move stp
iri support naf move mid
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support stp
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos support stp
naf move mid
nwy move stp
pic move par
rom move tys
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe move bot
tun move naf
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bre move gas
bul support rum
bur move mar
con hold
eas hold
eng move nth
fin support nwy move stp
gre support bul
iri move lvp
lvn support stp
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie hold
por move spa/nc
pru support war
ruh support kie
rum support bul
sev hold
sil support tyr move mun
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
war support pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bul support rum
bur support gas move mar
con hold
eas hold
gas move mar
gre support bul
kie support ruh
lvn support stp
lvp move cly
mid move por
mar move spa
mos support stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
nrg move nth
par move pic
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru support war
ruh support kie
rum support bul
sev hold
sil support tyr move mun
stp support nrg move nwy
tyr move mun
war support pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move bre
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bul support rum
bur support ruh move mun
cly move edi
con hold
eas hold
fin move stp
gas move par
gre support bul
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support stp
gol move wes
mid move iri
mar support por move spa
mos support stp
mun move kie
nth move den
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie support mar
por move spa/nc
pru support ber
ruh move mun
rum support bul
sev hold
sil support tyr move mun
stp support nrg move nwy
tyr move mun
war support pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bel
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bul support rum
bur move mar
con hold
den support kie
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gre support bul
iri support nat move lvp
kie support ruh
lon move wal
lvn support mos move stp
mar support mun move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
nat move lvp
pie hold
pru support war
ruh support kie
rum support bul
sev hold
sil support tyr move mun
spa/nc support naf move mid
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
war support pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur move mun
cly support wal move lvp
con hold
den move swe
eng move iri
fin support stp move nwy
gre move bul
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie hold
lvn move stp
lvp support iri
mid support iri move eng
mar move bur
mun support ber
naf support mid
nrg support nwy
par move bre
pie hold
pru move lvn
ruh support kie
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil move war
spa/nc move gas
stp move nwy
tyr move ven
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
lvp move iri
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove eng
remove stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support mun
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move gas
cly move nat
con hold
edi move nth
fin support lvn move stp
gas move bre
iri move eng
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mos move stp
naf support mid move wes
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
ruh support kie
rum move bul
sev hold
tri move ven
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
fin support stp
gas move bre
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie support ruh move mun
lon move eng
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support mar move bur
naf move tun
nat move mid
nth move den
nwy move stp
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev hold
stp hold
tri move alb
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tyr
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm hold
bar support nwy move stp
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur hold
con hold
den move swe
eng support bre
fin support stp move nwy
gas support iri move mid
gre move ser
iri move mid
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
mar support mun move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat hold
nap move ion
nwy move stp
ruh support kie
stp move nwy
swe move bot
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven move rom
war move mos
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bur move pic
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun move kie
bot support nwy move stp
bul move con
bur move ruh
con hold
eng support bre
fin support lvn move stp
gas move bre
gre move aeg
ion move nap
iri support nat move mid
kie support ruh
lvn support stp
mid support gas move bre
mar move spa
mos support stp
mun move kie
nat move mid
nap move ion
nwy move stp
pic move bur
rom support ion move nap
ruh support kie
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tyr move mun
tys support ion move nap
war support lvn
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie disband
mid move wes
nap move apu
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army lon
build Army tri
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm hold
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bot support stp
bre move par
bul move con
bur support mun move ruh
con move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
fin move stp
gas move spa/nc
gre move bul
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support fin move stp
mid move naf
mos support fin move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move hol
sev move arm
spa move por
swe move den
tys move tun
ven move adr
war support lvn
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move smy
arm move ank
bel support hol
bot move bal
bul move con
bur move bel
con move smy
eng support bel
hol support bel
kie support ruh move hol
lvn support stp
mid support par move gas
mos support stp
par move gas
pic move par
ruh move hol
sev move arm
smy hold
spa/nc move mid
stp hold
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tys move tun
ven hold
war move pru
wes support spa/nc move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
smy move eas
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move kie
bud move vie
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
eng support bel
gas move mar
hol support ber move kie
ion move apu
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lvn support stp
mid move nat
mos support stp
par move bur
por support wes move spa
pru move ber
smy move ank
stp move nwy
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
