PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move boh
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
tri move vie
ukr move gal
ven move tri
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh support gal move vie
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support vie move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol support yor move bel
lon move eng
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy support den move swe
par move bre
pic move bel
por move mid
rom move apu
ruh move bur
ser support vie move tri
smy move eas
spa move gas
tri hold
tun support nap move ion
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move sil
yor move bel
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
apu move ven
bel support bur
boh move mun
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support gre
bur support mun
eas move ion
gas move mar
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move alb
kie move ber
lon move wal
mid support bre move eng
mun hold
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ser support tri
sil support boh move mun
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
tun move wes
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move adr
mun move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move ber
bel support bur
ber support bur move mun
bud support tri move vie
bul hold
bur move mun
eng move lon
gre hold
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mar move spa
mun hold
nth support lon move eng
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh support bur move mun
ser support bud
sil support bal move ber
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri move vie
ven hold
vie move bud
wal move iri
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
mun move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
bud support vie
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
den move bal
eng move nth
gre hold
kie support ber
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move ska
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys support aeg move ion
ven move tri
vie hold
wal move iri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
remove rum
build Army tri
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel support bur move ruh
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den move hel
eas support aeg move ion
gre move bul
hol hold
iri move wal
kie support ber
mar move pie
mun support ber
nth support hol
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
pru support bal move ber
rom move nap
ruh support kie
ser support bud move rum
sil move mun
ska move swe
tri move bud
tun hold
tys support aeg move ion
vie hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal support pru move ber
bel support hol
ber support tyr move mun
boh support mun
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
eas move ion
gas move mid
gre support bul move ser
hel move den
ion move tun
kie support tyr move mun
gol hold
mun hold
nap move rom
nth support hol
nwy move stp/nc
pie hold
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
swe hold
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move rom
vie move boh
wal move lon
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
tun move wes
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army edi
remove sil
build Army tri
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
gre move apu via convoy
hol hold
ion convoy gre move apu
kie support den
lon move nth
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
nap move rom
nth move nrg
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
rum support ser
sev move mos
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri support ser
tun support tys
tys hold
ven move rom
vie support bud move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bar convoy edi move stp
bel support ruh
bur support tyr move mun
den support kie
edi move stp
gal move war
hol support ruh move kie
ion move nap
kie support den
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mos move stp
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move stp
ruh support tyr move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
spa/sc move por
swe support nth move den
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
tys support ion move nap
ven move rom
vie move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu support nap move rom
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move par
den move kie
edi move nwy
gre move bul
hol support ruh move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh move kie
ser move bul
swe support yor move den
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support nap move rom
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
yor move den
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
apu move ven
bal move kie
bar support nwy move stp
ber support bal move kie
bud move rum
con support ser move bul
den support kie
eng move lon
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support mun move ber
mid support par move bre
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth move lon
nrg move cly
nwy move stp
par move bre
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser move bul
sil support ber
spa/sc move gol
swe move bal
tus move pie
tyr move ven
tys move nap
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army lon
build Army par
remove pie
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
alb move gre
apu move rom
bar hold
ber hold
bre support par move gas
cly move lvp
con support rum move bul
den hold
eng move bel
gal move war
gre move smy via convoy
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon hold
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap move apu
par move gas
rom move tys
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil support ber
stp hold
swe move bal
tri move ven
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move ven
bal convoy den move lvn
bar hold
ber hold
boh move mun
bul move con
con move ank
den move lvn
eas move aeg
eng move lon
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
kie support mun move ber
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol support gas move mar
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth support hol
rom support apu move ven
ruh move bel
ser move bul
sil support ber
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp support den move lvn
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ven support tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
remove eng
remove ion
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
apu move adr
bal support lon move den
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move par
bud move gal
bul support ank move con
con move bla
gre support bul
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move den
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move den
par move bur
pru move lvn
ser move rum
sil support boh move mun
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move wes
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ven
tyr support boh move mun
ven hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move con
ank move con
bal convoy den move pru
ber support mun
bla support smy move ank
bul support ank move con
bur move mun
den move pru
gal move war
gre support bul
hol move den
kie support bur move mun
lvn support gal move war
mid move naf
mun hold
nth convoy hol move den
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
sev move mos
sil support mun
smy move ank
stp support mos
tri support ven
tyr support mun
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move smy
ank move con
bal convoy den move pru
ber move kie
bla support ank move con
bul support con
bur move mar
con hold
den move pru
gre support bul
kie support ruh move mun
lon move den
lvn move pru
mos support pru move war
mun support ber
naf move tun
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move den
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom move apu
ruh move mun
rum support bul
sev move mos
sil support mun
stp support mos
tri support ven
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven hold
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
apu move rom
bal convoy den move lvn
ber move kie
bla support ank move con
bul support con
bur move mun
con support bul
den move lvn
gre support bul
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
lon move den
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos support den move lvn
mun support ber
nth convoy lon move den
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
sev support war move mos
sil support mun
smy support ank move con
stp support mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ven move rom
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
apu move alb via convoy
bal convoy den move pru
ber support mun move kie
bla support con move bul
bul hold
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move pru
edi move nwy
gre support bul
kie support ruh move mun
lon hold
gol support pie move tus
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move kie
nap support tus move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move tus
pru support ber
ruh move mun
rum support bul
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
stp support mos
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven hold
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg support con move bul
alb move tri
bal move ber
ber support kie
bla support con move bul
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den support hol move kie
gre move ser
hol move kie
kie support tyr move mun
lon hold
gol support pie
mos support stp move lvn
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move fin
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom support tus move ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil support tyr move mun
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move rum
ven disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move smy
arm move syr
bal convoy den move pru
ber support mun
bla move ank
bul support tri move ser
bur move mun
den move pru
edi move nth
fin move stp
gal move bud
gre support rum move bul
hel hold
kie support bur move mun
lon hold
lvn support mos
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support ber
nap support tun move ion
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom move apu
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil support ber
tri move ser
tun move ion
ven support pie move tyr
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
mun move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu move rom
arm move smy
bal move ber
ber hold
boh move vie
bud support gre move ser
bul move con
bur support mun
con move bul
gre move ser
hel support lon move den
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move den
lvn support pru move war
mos support pru move war
mun support tyr move boh
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move den
pie move tyr
pru move war
ruh support mun
ser support alb move gre
sil support ber
smy move syr
stp hold
syr support arm move smy
tun hold
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ser move tri
smy move aeg
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army lon
build Army mar
remove tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
apu move adr
arm move ank
bal convoy den move lvn
ber move kie
boh support mun move sil
bud move rum
bul move con
con move smy
den move lvn
hel support lon move den
ion move alb
kie move ber
lon move den
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nth convoy lon move den
rom move apu
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move gre
sil support ber
smy move ank
stp support lvn move mos
syr move smy
tun hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
aeg support smy move con
alb move gre
apu move tri via convoy
arm move ank
bal convoy den move pru
ber hold
boh support tyr move vie
bur move mun
con support syr move smy
den move pru
gal move rum
gre support rum move bul
kie support mun move ber
lvn hold
mos move sev
mun move ber
pie move tyr
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil support ukr move gal
smy move con
syr move smy
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
vie move bud
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bre
remove bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con
arm move ank
bal hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bre move par
bul move con
con support ser move bul
gal move rum
gre support rum move bul
hel move den
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move mos
mar move pie
nth hold
par move bur
pru move war
rum move bul
ser support gal move rum
sev support gal move rum
sil move boh
smy support bul move con
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ser
tun hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank hold
arm move ank
bal hold
bud support ser
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support bul
den hold
gre support bul
lon hold
gol move tys
mos hold
nth hold
par move bur
pie move ven
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
smy support arm move ank
stp hold
tri support ser
tun hold
ukr hold
war hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army edi
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm hold
bal hold
bud support ser
bur move mar
con support bul
den hold
edi move nwy
gre move aeg
ion move eas
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy support ank move arm
stp move mos
tri support ser
tun hold
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move apu
war hold
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move syr
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
arm move syr
bal hold
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
den hold
eas support syr move smy
lon hold
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth hold
nwy hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy support arm move syr
syr move smy
tri move ser
tun hold
tyr move tri
ukr hold
war hold
yor hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: army smy
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
smy move ank
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
remove syr
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con
bul support aeg move gre
con support gre move bul
eas support smy
gre move bul
ion support aeg move gre
gol move tys
mar move gol
ser support bul
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con move smy
arm move ank
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move smy
eas move aeg
gre move bul
ion move tun
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support bul
sev move arm
sil support ber
smy support arm move ank
tys support ion move tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
