PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move stp
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy
eng move bel
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bre
ser move bul
stp move nwy
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move eng
bla support bul
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move ser
con support bul
edi move nwy
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie hold
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
ser move bul
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move wes
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bla support bul
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den support hel
eng move nth
gal support rum
gas move spa
gre hold
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move eas
mar hold
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bur
pie hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser move bul
spa/sc move mid
swe support nwy
ven move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove edi
build Army kie
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
alb move gre
bar support nth move nwy
bel support ruh move bur
bla move con
bre move naf
bud move tri
bur support mar
con move bul
den move swe
gre support con move bul
kie move ruh
gol move wes
mid convoy bre move naf
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move fin
pie hold
ruh move bur
ser support alb move bul/ec
smy move eas
spa support mar
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
bul move ser
bur support bel move pic
con support bul
den move swe
eas move ion
fin support swe move nwy
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol support ruh move bel
mid move eng
mar hold
mun support bur
naf move tun
nrg move nwy
nwy support bar move stp/nc
par hold
pie move ven
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support tri move bud
sev move rum
spa support mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nth
ser move alb
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army kie
build Army nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bar support nrg move nwy
bel support bur
bla move rum
bud support gal move vie
bur support pic move par
con move aeg
eng move pic
fin move nwy
gal move vie
gre support ser
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mar move bur
mun support bur
naf move tun
nap hold
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
nwy move bar
par hold
pic move par
rum move gal
ser hold
spa move gas
stp/nc support nwy move bar
swe support nrg move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet/dislodged bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel support bur
bud support gal move vie
bur support pic move par
con move aeg
den support swe
eng move bre
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gal move vie
gas support mar move bur
gre move alb
hol move nth
ion move tun
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun support bur
naf move tun
nrg support nwy
par move pic
pic move par
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nwy
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank move con
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel support bur
bla move rum
bre move pic
bud move vie
bur support pic move par
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move mid
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gas support mar move bur
ion move adr
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun support bur
naf move tun
nap move tun
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
par support bre move pic
pic move par
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tri hold
tyr support tri
tys convoy nap move tun
ven support tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg move ion
alb move apu
bar move nrg
bel support bur
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur hold
con move bul
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gas support mar move bur
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mid move por
mar move bur
mun support bur
nap move tun
nth move eng
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
par support mar move bur
pic move bel
ser hold
stp/nc support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr support tri
tys convoy nap move tun
ven support tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
remove naf
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move gre
apu move nap
bar support fin move nwy
bel hold
ber move sil
boh support sil move mun
bul move ser
bur move ruh
edi move nrg
eng support bel
fin move nwy
gas move spa
ion support apu move nap
kie support mun
mid support por move spa/sc
mun support ber move sil
nap support ven move apu
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
par move bre
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil move mun
stp/nc support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr hold
tys move ion
ven move apu
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army/dislodged apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
sil move pru
tri move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
apu move rom
bar support fin move stp
bel support ruh
boh move vie
bre support pic
bur support pic move bel
edi move nth
eng move pic
fin move stp
gal support boh move vie
gas move spa
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move wes
mun support ruh
nap support apu move rom
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
pic move bel
pru move war
rom move nap
ruh support bel
ser move tri
spa/sc hold
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr move tri
tys move ion
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gas
remove nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move con
bar support nwy move stp/nc
bel support ruh move bur
ber move pru
bre support pic
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng support bel
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gre move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bur move bel
rom move tun
ruh move bur
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys convoy rom move tun
vie move bud
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
apu move nap
bar move nrg
bel move pic
bre move gas
bul move ser
bur move par
eng move bre
gal move war
ion support apu move nap
mun support sil
nrg move nat
pic move eng
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support pie move ven
sil support pru move war
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus move rom
tys move tus
ven support tus move rom
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove eng
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove pie
build Army smy
remove tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move bul
fin move stp
gal move war
ion move tys
kie move den
lon move eng
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support fin move stp
mun move boh
nat move mid
nap move rom
nrg move nat
par move bur
pic move bel
ser move tri
sil support war
smy move con
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus support nap move rom
ven move apu
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
bar support nwy move stp/nc
bel move hol
boh move gal
bre move eng
bul move ser
con move bul
den move nth
gal move war
ion move tun
lon move eng
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support stp
nat move mid
nwy move stp/nc
pru support war
rom move tus
sil move boh
stp hold
swe support nwy
tun move wes
tus move rom
tys support tun move wes
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove nat
build Army sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
ion move tun
lon move eng
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mos move war
nwy support bar move stp/nc
rom move tys
ser move tri
sev move ukr
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus support ven
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven support tus
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
eng move mid
gal move sil
hol move bel
lvn move pru
gol support wes
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
naf move mid
nwy support stp/nc
pie support gol
pru support war
rom move tys
ser move tri
sil support bur move mun
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven support tus move pie
wes support gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support bur move mun
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gal move sil
kie hold
lvn move pru
lvp move wal
gol support wes
mar support gol
mos move stp
naf move mid
nth move den
nwy support stp/nc
pie hold
pru support sil
rom move tus
ser move tri
sil support pru
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tyr move boh
ven support pie
vie move boh
war support lvn move pru
wes support eng move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bre move eng
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
gal move boh
hol support den move kie
kie hold
gol support wes
mid move naf
mar support gol
mos move stp
mun support sil
naf support tun move wes
nrg move nat
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
pru move war
ser move tri
sil support mun
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ven support pie
vie hold
wal move lon
war move gal
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army/dislodged kie
Germany: fleet kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil move mun
bul move ser
eng move nth
gal move boh
hol move bel
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support wes move gol
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf support tun move wes
nat move mid
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser move tri
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes move gol
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move tys
tyr move mun
ven support pie
vie support gal move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
boh support war move sil
bul move ser
kie move hol
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar support gol
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
pru support war move sil
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri move ven
tus move gol
tyr support ruh move mun
tys support tus move gol
ven move tus
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber support kie
boh move sil
bur support bel move ruh
gal move vie
kie support ber
lvp move iri
gol convoy tus move mar
mid move bre
mar support wes move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move kie
nat move mid
nth move den
nwy move nrg
pie support gol move mar
pru support sil move ber
ser move tri
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move mar
tyr support mun
tys support tun move wes
ven move rom
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber move kie
bre hold
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bal
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie support bur move mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move bur
nrg move nth
pie move mar
por support iri move mid
pru move lvn
ruh support bur move mun
sil support ber
spa/sc support mar
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys convoy rom move tun
ven support tus move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh support tyr
bre support mar move gas
bul move ser
den move bal
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
naf move tun
nth move nwy
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum move bla
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tyr support boh
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie support sil move boh
war move gal
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bar move nrg
ber move pru
bla move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bre support gas
bur move par
den move hel
gal move bud
gas move par
kie move ruh
gol support wes
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun support bal move ber
naf move wes
pic support mid move bre
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
ser move tri
sil move boh
stp hold
tun support wes
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove pie
build Army sev
remove tus
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move bal
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud support sev move rum
bur move par
eng move iri
gas move spa
hel move nth
ion move tys
kie support mun
lon move wal
gol move wes
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nrg support hel move nth
pic move bel
por support spa/sc
pru move war
ruh move bur
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc support por
stp hold
tun support ion move tys
tyr move mun
ven move tri
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel support nth move eng
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud support vie
bur support par move gas
con support rum move bul
gal move sil
gas support gol move spa/sc
iri move lvp
kie support mun
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun support bur
nth move eng
nrg support nwy
par move gas
por support spa/sc
rum move bul
ser support tri
spa/sc support por
tri support tyr
tun support tys move wes
tyr support tri
tys move wes
vie support bud
wal move lvp
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move naf
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
remove sil
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bre support eng move mid
bud support ukr move rum
bur support gas move mar
con move aeg
eng move mid
gas move mar
iri move eng
kie support mun
gol support mar
mid move bre
mos move ukr
naf move wes
nrg move nat
nwy support swe
por support spa/sc
ser move tri
sev move bla
spa/sc move gol
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun support wes
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie support bud
wal move lvp
war move lvn
wes support gol
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
Turkey: army/dislodged mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move gas
mar move pie
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move eng
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre support bur move gas
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support mar
gas move mid
iri support gas move mid
kie move ber
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mar support spa/sc
mun support sil
naf move wes
nat move nrg
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rum move ser
sil support mun
spa/sc move gol
tri support tyr
tun move naf
tyr support tri
ukr move war
vie support bud move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
tri move alb
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove iri
build Army kie
remove gol
remove mid
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
remove tyr
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support vie move tyr
bre move mid
con move aeg
eng move nth
kie move ber
lvn support stp
mos move war
mun support sil move boh
naf support spa/sc move wes
nat move iri
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move stp/nc
por move spa/sc
ser move alb
sev move bla
sil move boh
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
ven support pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
boh support sil
bur support mun
eas support aeg move ion
fin support bar move stp/sc
iri move eng
lvn support stp
mid move spa/sc
mun support sil
naf support wes
nth move ska
nwy support bar move stp/nc
pie support ven
pru support war move sil
sil support ber move pru
spa/sc move gol
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys
tyr move ven
tys support tun
ven support pie
vie move boh
war move sil
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army sev
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bur move mun
eas move ion
eng move nth
fin move swe
ion move adr
lon move eng
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mos support pru move war
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nwy support stp/nc
pie move tus
pru move war
sev move ukr
sil support boh
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ven hold
vie support war move gal
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
alb move apu
ber support sil
boh support sil
con move aeg
den move bal
eng move mid
gal support war move sil
ion convoy alb move apu
lvp move edi
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mun support tyr
naf move wes
nap hold
nwy support stp/nc
pie move ven
pru support war move sil
sil support boh
stp/nc support nwy
swe move den
tri support pie move ven
tun support wes move tys
tus support ven
tyr support mar move pie
ukr move war
ven support tus
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army sev
remove tus
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal move pru
ber move sil
boh support ber move sil
den move swe
gal move boh
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move eng
gol move tus
mid move wes
mun support boh
nap support tun move ion
nth move bel
nwy move nth
pie support tyr
pru move ber
rom support nap
sil support gal move boh
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support boh
tys support tun move ion
ven support tri move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war support sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
apu move rom
bal move pru
bel move hol
ber move sil
boh support tyr
edi move nwy
eng move mid
gal move boh
ion move nap
kie move ruh
gol move wes
mun support boh
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support nap
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp/nc support nth move nwy
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie support tri move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu move rom
bal move pru
ber move sil
boh support ber move sil
eas move smy
gal move boh
ion move aeg
kie support ber
mid move naf
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie support mun move tyr
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sil move mun
stp/nc move bar
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support gal move boh
tys support tus move rom
ven move pie
vie support gal move boh
war support pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move smy
apu move nap
bal move pru
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bul move con
eng move nth
ion support apu move nap
kie support ber
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nap support rom
nwy move stp
pie support mun move tyr
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
smy move con
tun support tys move ion
tus move tys
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
apu move nap
bal move pru
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie move mun
boh move sil
bul move con
bur support kie move mun
edi move nwy
ion support apu move nap
kie move mun
gol move tys
mos support war move lvn
mun support sil move ber
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move tyr
pru support sil move ber
rom support nap
ruh support kie move mun
sil move ber
smy move con
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tyr support mun
tys move rom
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move smy
apu move rom
bal move pru
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
con move smy
ion move eas
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap hold
nwy move stp
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support rom move nap
ven support apu move rom
wes move gol
PHASE 1920 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Russia: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
England: fleet/dislodged smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
mun disband
nap disband
smy move syr
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bar support nwy move stp
ber move kie
bot support stp move lvn
bur move mun
eas support aeg move ion
kie support bur move mun
lvn move stp
gol move tus
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil support ber
smy move con
stp move lvn
syr move eas
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ven support tyr move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
Germany: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Russia: army/dislodged rom
England: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu support tun move ion
bar support nwy move stp
ber support sil move mun
bot support stp move lvn
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move mid
hol move hel
ion support adr move apu
kie support pru move ber
lvn support war move pru
mun support pru move ber
nwy move stp
pru move ber
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp move lvn
syr move smy
tun move ion
tus support rom
tys support tun move ion
ven move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu support tys move ion
bar support stp
bot move bal
bul move con
eas move aeg
hel move den
ion move aeg
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvn support stp move mos
mid move wes
mos support pru move lvn
mun move boh
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
sev move bla
smy support ion move aeg
stp move mos
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven support pie move tyr
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support stp move lvn
bar support stp
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
boh support mun
con support eas move smy
den move nth
eas move smy
edi move nwy
gal move vie
ion support aeg move gre
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
rom move nap
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven support tyr
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1922 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army/dislodged gre
England: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ser
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army sev
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
apu move adr
bal support ber move pru
bar support stp
ber move pru
boh move sil
bul/ec move con
con move bul
den move hel
gre support aeg move bul/sc
ion move eas
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support boh move sil
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy move fin
pie move tyr
ser move gre
sil support tyr move mun
smy support bul/ec move con
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven support tyr
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support eas move smy
apu support tys move ion
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber move sil
boh support mun
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move bre
fin support stp
gal move boh
gre move alb
lon move bre
lvn move pru
mos move stp
mun support boh
nap support apu
pie move tyr
pru support stp move lvn
rom hold
ser support con move bul
sil support lvn move pru
stp move lvn
tyr support gal move boh
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1923 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
Russia: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move war
smy move con
PHASE 1923 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1924 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
alb support ion move gre
apu move adr
bar support fin move stp
ber move sil
bla convoy sev move ank
boh support ber move sil
bre move gas
bul move gre
con move smy
fin move stp
gal move boh
hel hold
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mun move tyr
nap move tys
pie move ven
ser support bul move gre
sev move ank
sil move mun
smy support aeg move con
tyr support gal move boh
ven move pie
vie support gal move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1924 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move nwy
PHASE 1924 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support ion move gre
ank support bla move con
bal move swe
bar move nwy
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bul support bla move con
gas move spa
hel move nth
ion move gre
kie support mun
lvn move mos
mun move tyr
nwy move stp
pie move ven
ser move gre
sil support boh move mun
smy support con
stp support bar move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
ven move apu
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1924 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
England: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
mun move ruh
nwy move fin
PHASE 1924 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1925 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move bul/sc
alb support gre
ank move smy
apu support tyr move ven
ber support kie move mun
bul support ser move gre
con support ank move smy
eng convoy lon move bre
fin support mos move stp
gre support aeg move bul/sc
kie move mun
lon move bre
lvn support stp
gol convoy spa move tus
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move den
nwy support stp
pie move tyr
pru support ber
ruh support kie move mun
ser move gre
sil move ber
smy move con
spa move tus
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri move adr
tyr move ven
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1925 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
England: fleet/dislodged smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
smy move eas
PHASE 1925 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg support gre
alb move tri
apu move nap
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre move par
bul move gre
bur move bel
con support smy
den move bal
eas move ion
eng move bel
fin move stp
gre hold
lvn support stp
gol move mar
mos support fin move stp
mun hold
nwy support stp
pru support ber
rom move nap
ruh move bel
ser support bul move gre
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri move adr
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1925 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1925 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lon
PHASE 1926 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg support gre
alb move tri
apu move nap
bal move den
ber support mun
boh move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng convoy lon move bre
fin move swe
ion support rom move nap
kie move ruh
lon move bre
lvn move mos
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
pru support ber
rom move nap
ruh move bel
ser support bul move gre
sil move boh
stp support lvn move mos
tri move alb
tus move rom
war move lvn
PHASE 1926 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
England: fleet/dislodged gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
England: fleet/dislodged mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
PHASE 1926 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh support vie move tyr
bre move gas
bur support spa/sc move mar
den move hel
ion support aeg move gre
lvn support sev move mos
mar move gas
mun support ber move sil
nap support rom move apu
nth move nwy
rom move apu
ruh support mun
sev move mos
spa/sc move mar
stp support mos
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1926 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army/dislodged gre
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1926 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1927 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move gre
boh move gal
bre move gas
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
lon move bre
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy move ska
pic move par
pie move ven
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
ser move gre
sev support lvn move mos
sil move war
smy move con
stp move mos
tyr support pie move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1927 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1927 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
apu move syr
bul/sc support alb move gre
con move bul
eas convoy apu move syr
gal move war
gas move mar
hel move den
ion convoy apu move syr
lvn move bal
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun move boh
par hold
ruh move mun
ser move gre
stp move mos
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ukr move rum
ven support tyr
war hold
PHASE 1927 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1928 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move smy
alb support ion move gre
bal move den
ber move pru
boh move gal
bul support sev move rum
den move hel
eas move smy
gal move war
ion move gre
gol move tys
mos support gal move war
mun move tyr
par move bur
pie move ven
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp move mos
swe support bal move den
syr move arm
tri support pie move ven
tus support pie move ven
tyr move pie
ven move tus
war hold
PHASE 1928 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
England: army/dislodged rum
England: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
ven move rom
PHASE 1928 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
England: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
England: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
apu move nap
arm move ank
boh move vie
bur move mun
eas move smy
eng hold
mar move pie
pru support war
ska move nwy
stp move mos
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr support boh move vie
tys support ven move rom
ukr support stp move mos
ven move rom
war hold
PHASE 1928 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
England: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
Russia: army/dislodged rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
England: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
England: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1928 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
