PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bar support lon move nwy
bel move ruh
bre move pic
bul hold
con support bul
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move bur
mos support stp
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move fin
par support mar move bur
por move spa/sc
rum hold
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp hold
swe hold
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud move vie
bul hold
bur support tyr move mun
con move smy
den support kie move hel
fin support nwy move swe
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move apu
kie move hel
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
ser move bul
sev move mos
smy move eas
spa/sc hold
stp hold
swe move bot
tri move ser
tun move apu via convoy
tyr move mun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move con
apu move ven
bar support fin move stp
bel support ruh move hol
ber move mun
boh move sil
bot move fin
bul move con
bur move ruh
den support kie
eas move aeg
fin move stp
gre move aeg
hol support kie
ion support aeg move eas
kie support ber move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
mos move stp
mun support boh move sil
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic move bur
pie move tyr
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum hold
smy support ank move con
spa/sc hold
stp move nwy
swe support fin
tri move adr
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eas move syr
stp move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move con
bar support stp
bel support hol
boh move vie
bul move con
bur support tyr move mun
den support kie
eas move smy
fin support lvn move stp
hol support ruh
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
nth convoy lon move nwy
ruh support tyr move mun
rum hold
ser move tri
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe move fin
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con disband
mun move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bar move nrg
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
con move ank
den support kie
eas move smy
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support ber move mun
lvn move stp
mar move gol
mos support lvn move stp
mun support hol move kie
nth support swe move den
nwy support stp
ruh support hol move kie
smy move arm
stp hold
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie support tri move tyr
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
den disband
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy
ber move mun
boh move sil
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
den move swe
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support stp
pie support gol move mar
ruh support mun
ser move tri
smy hold
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
tun support wes
tyr move mun
tys support wes
vie move boh
wes hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet rom
remove syr
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber hold
boh support sil
bre move mid
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
den move bal
edi move den via convoy
hol move bel
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support stp
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ser
tun move naf
tyr support boh
tys support wes
vie move bud
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal convoy swe move lvn
bel move eng
boh move sil
bud support ser move rum
bur support mun
con move bla
den move swe
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar support gol
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp
pie move mar
ruh support mun
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move pru
spa/sc move wes
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal convoy swe move lvn
ber hold
bla support arm move sev
bud move gal
bur support mar
den move swe
eng move mid
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn move stp
gol support wes move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sil support pru move ber
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tyr move mun
tys move wes
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move pru
ber hold
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
den hold
eng move mid
gal support pru move war
gas support mar
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos move ukr
mun support kie
naf move mid
nth move lon
nwy move stp
pie support spa/sc move mar
por support mid move spa
pru move war
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
swe move pru via convoy
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
war support mos move ukr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support mun move ber
ber hold
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur support ruh move mun
eng move mid
gal move war
gas support spa/sc
kie support ruh move mun
lon move wal
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar move spa
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf move mid
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum move bla
sev support war move mos
sil support gal move war
spa/sc support eng move mid
stp move mos
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support war move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move mos
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy den move pru
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bur move mar
den move pru via convoy
eng move mid
gal support sil
gas move spa
kie support mun
lvn support pru move war
gol support spa/sc
mid move bre
mar hold
mos hold
mun support ber
naf move mid
pie support mar
por support gas move spa
pru move war
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
stp support lvn
swe move fin
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support war
war hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber support mun
boh support sil
bre move eng
bur support mun
con move aeg
eng support gas move bre
fin support stp
gal support sil
gas move bre
kie support mun
gol support mar move spa
mid move nat
mar move spa
mos hold
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support lvn
rom move tys
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp support lvn
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
war hold
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre support eng move pic
bur move bel
eng move pic
fin support stp
gal support sil
kie support mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar move bur
mos hold
mun hold
nat support wes move mid
pic move eng
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support lvn
sev support mos
sil hold
spa support mid move por
stp support lvn
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
wal move lvp
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move den
bel move bur
ber support mun
boh support bur move mun
bre move gas
bur move mun
den move swe
fin support stp
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mar support spa move gas
mos hold
mun support bel move bur
nat support mid move iri
par support bre move gas
pic move eng
por support wes move mid
pru move sil
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa move gas
stp support lvn
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bre support par move gas
bur move mun
den move nth
eng move iri
fin support stp
gal support war
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie support bur move mun
lvn support pru
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support sil move ber
nat support iri move lvp
par move gas
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support lvn
ruh support bur move mun
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa move gas
stp support lvn
swe move den
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
remove iri
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support pru
boh support mun
bre support gas
bur support gas
den move yor via convoy
eng convoy spa move wal
gal support war
gas support bre
kie support ber
lvn support pru
lvp move cly
gol move spa/sc
mid convoy spa move wal
mar support gol move spa
mos hold
mun hold
nat support lvp move cly
nth convoy den move yor
pie support mar
pru support lvn
ruh support bur
sil move ber
spa move wal via convoy
stp support lvn
tri move adr
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
war support sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet cly
England: fleet/dislodged cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
cly move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber hold
boh support mun
bre support gas
bur move mar
cly move nrg
eng support mid move bre
gas support bur move mar
kie support ber
lvn support pru
mid move bre
mar hold
mun hold
nat support cly move nrg
nth support yor move lon
pie support mar
pru support lvn
ruh move bel
sev support mos
sil move pru
spa/sc support mar
stp support lvn
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven hold
wal move lvp
war support sil move pru
wes move naf
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move par
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
bre support mar move gas
edi hold
eng move lon
gal move sil
gas support bur
lon hold
lvn move mos
lvp move edi
mar move gas
mos move lvn
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth hold
nrg move bar
pie move mar
pru support lvn
rom move tys
sev support mos
sil move pru
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tyr support mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie move tri
war support sil move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gas move par
pru move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move mun
boh move sil
bur support ber move mun
edi hold
eng move nth
gas support mar move bur
ion move tun
kie support ber move mun
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move edi
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support mar move bur
naf move mid
nth support stp move nwy
nrg support eng move nth
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move lvn
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nwy
bel move hol
ber move mun
bre hold
bur support ber move mun
den move nth
edi support den move nth
gas support mar move bur
kie support ber move mun
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move edi
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move hol
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy hold
par support bur
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
tri move adr
tun move naf
ukr move mos
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Austria: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nwy move swe
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support kie move hol
ber support ruh move kie
boh move mun
bre hold
bur move ruh
den support mun move kie
eng support nth move bel
gas support mar move bur
kie move hol
lvp move edi
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth move bel
nrg support lvp move edi
nwy move ska
par move gas
pie move mar
ruh move kie
sil support boh move mun
spa/nc hold
stp move nwy
tyr support boh move mun
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Italy: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
edi move nth
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pic
remove swe
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun move kie
bre support gas move pic
bud move tri
bur move bel
den support nth
eng convoy gas move pic
gas move pic via convoy
hol support bur move bel
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move stp
mid convoy gas move pic
mar move gas
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie move mar
ruh move hol
sil move mun
ska support nrg move nth
spa/nc support mar move gas
stp move fin
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bre hold
bur support hol move bel
den move ska
edi move yor
eng move lon
fin move swe
gas move par
hol move bel
kie support swe move den
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth support nwy
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par move pic
pic support gas move par
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
ska move nwy
spa/nc move gas
stp support ska move nwy
swe move den
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Austria: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
