PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
stp move nwy
ukr move war
ven hold
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support arm move bla
arm move bla
bel support mun move ruh
ber move mun
bla move sev
bre support par move pic
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur support par move pic
con move bul
den hold
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie move hel
lon move eng
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move spa/sc
ser move bul
sev move ukr
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
war support sev move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar support fin move stp
bel move bur
bla support con move bul
bre move pic
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den hold
eas convoy tun move syr
eng hold
fin move stp
gal support rum
gre support bul
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move syr
mar hold
mun support bel move bur
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pic move bel
ruh support bel move bur
rum support gal
ser support rum
spa/sc move gol
swe support nwy
tun move syr via convoy
ukr move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support bla move sev
bar support nth move nwy
bla move sev
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move gas
den hold
eas support syr move smy
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move gre
gol move tys
mar support par move bur
mos support sev
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ruh move bur
rum support gal move ukr
ser support bul
stp support nth move nwy
swe move bot
syr move smy
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm support bla move sev
bar support stp move nwy
bel move eng
bla move sev
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul support aeg move con
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move war
hol move nth
lvn support fin move stp
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nwy move swe
pic move bre
ruh hold
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bul
smy move ank
stp move nwy
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bot
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
bre move mid
bul support rum
bur hold
con move bla
den move swe
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng move lon
gre move ion
lvn support mos
mar move gol
mos support sev
nap move rom
nwy support edi move nth
pic move bre
pie support tyr move ven
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bud
stp support mos
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bre hold
bud move gal
bul support con
bur move mar
con hold
eng move lon
ion support rom move nap
lon hold
lvn support mos move war
gol move tys
mid move iri
mos move war
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy support bar move stp
pie support tyr move ven
rom move nap
rum support sev
sev support war move mos
stp move mos
swe support stp move nwy
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
war move mos
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
lon move nth
nap move apu
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bla
remove bre
build Army bud
remove fin
build Army kie
remove lvn
build Army lvp
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
apu move ion
boh support tyr
bud move gal
bul hold
con move aeg
den support nwy move swe
gal move sil
hol move bel
ion support rom move tys
iri move nat
kie support swe move den
lon move nth
lvp support nth move edi
mar move spa
mos hold
nap support rom move tys
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom move tys
rum move ukr
sev move mos
smy move eas
swe move den
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support sev move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
den move ska
mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
apu move ion
bel move ruh
boh move mun
bul support aeg move gre
den hold
eas move ion
edi hold
gal move boh
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move mos
lvp support edi
nat move nrg
nap support eas move ion
nth support yor move edi
pie support tyr move ven
sil move ber
ska move den
spa move naf
swe support ska move den
tri move tyr
tus support ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr move war
vie support tri move tyr
war move pru
wes convoy spa move naf
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove lvn
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
apu move ion
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
den move nth
edi support lvp move yor
gre move alb
ion support nap move apu
kie support mun
lvp move yor
mun support ber
naf move tun
nap move apu
nth support yor move edi
nrg support yor move edi
pie move tus
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
sil move ber
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven support tus move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support naf move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet/dislodged apu
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move adr
edi move cly
pie move mar
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support apu move adr
apu move adr
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bul move gre
cly move edi
den move nth
edi support nth
ion support apu move adr
kie support mun move ber
mar move pie
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth support edi
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support boh move mun
stp/nc move bar
tri support tyr
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
vie move boh
wes move gol
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move gal
bur move mun
gre move bul
ion move tys
kie support ruh
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move tun
nat move mid
nth move nwy
par hold
pru move lvn
ruh support kie
sil support mun
tri support tyr
tun move naf
tyr support pie
ven support pie
vie support tri
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
gal move war
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mun move kie
naf move mid
nwy hold
par hold
pie support ven
ruh move kie
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie support tri
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ber support kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support gre
bur support mar
fin support stp move nwy
gre support bul
hol support ruh
kie support mun move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mid move iri
mar hold
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie move mar
ruh support bur
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
vie support tri
war move lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bur support mar
fin move swe
gal move war
gas support mar
hol support ruh
iri move lvp
lvn move stp
gol support wes move spa
mar hold
mun move bur
naf move mid
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
ruh support bur
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
swe move bal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bud support vie
bur support mar
gal support bud
gas support por move spa
hol support ruh
kie support swe move den
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mar support por move spa
mun move bur
naf move mid
nap move tys
nwy support stp move fin
pie support gol move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support bur
sil move mun
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp move fin
swe move den
vie support tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support sil move mun
bre support iri move mid
den support kie
gas move mar
iri move mid
mun move bur
naf move wes
pie support mar
sil move mun
spa/sc support gas move mar
tys move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur support gas move mar
den support kie
gal move war
gas move mar
hol support ruh
kie support mun move ruh
lvn move stp
gol support wes move spa
mid move naf
mar support wes move spa
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move gas
pie support mar
ruh support bur
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc move gol
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
boh support sil move mun
bur move mar
den support ber move kie
fin move swe
gas move spa
hol support ruh
kie move hol
gol support spa/sc
mid support gas move spa
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
naf move wes
par move gas
pie support mar
por support gas move spa
ruh hold
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
tys move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur support gas move mar
edi move yor
gas move mar
hol support ruh
gol support tun move wes
mid move naf
mun move bur
nap move tys
pie support mar
por move mid
ruh hold
spa support gas move mar
tun move wes
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bud move gal
bur move mun
den support kie
gas support spa
hol support ruh
mid support spa
mun move bur
naf move tun
ruh support bur move mun
spa hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
den support kie
edi move lvp
gas move mar
gre move ion
hol support mun move kie
kie support tyr move mun
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar move gol
mun move kie
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support mun move kie
sil support tyr move mun
spa support gas move mar
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support wes move tun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
bur support mar
den support ber move kie
hol support ruh
kie move ruh
gol support wes move spa
mid move wes
mar hold
mun support kie move ruh
naf support mid move wes
pie move mar
ruh hold
sil support mun
spa support mar
tun move naf
tyr move vie
tys move tun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove naf
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
hol support ruh
kie move ruh
gol support spa/sc
mar support por move spa
mun move bur
nap move tys
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh hold
sil move mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
hol support ruh
kie move hol
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun move bur
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
ruh hold
sil move mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
tun move naf
tys move tun
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur support gas move mar
den support ber move kie
gas move mar
hol support ruh
kie move ruh
gol support mar
mun move bur
naf move mid
por move spa
rom move tus
ruh hold
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
tun move naf
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur support spa/sc move mar
den support ber move kie
gas move bre
hol support ruh
kie move hol
gol support mar
mid move bre
mun move bur
naf move mid
por move spa
ruh hold
sil move mun
spa/sc move mar
tus move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support sil move mun
bur support ruh move mun
den support ber move kie
gas move bre
hol support ruh
kie move ruh
gol support wes move spa
mid support wes move spa
mar move gas
mun move bur
naf move wes
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh hold
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre support bur move gas
bur move gas
den support ber move kie
gas support mar move bur
hol support ruh
kie move ruh
gol move wes
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move bur
por move spa
ruh support bur
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid move por
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army/dislodged gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move par
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bre move pic
den support ber move kie
hol support ruh
kie move ruh
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
par support mid move bre
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh hold
sil support mun
spa/sc move por
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bre move eng
den support ber move kie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move eas
kie move ruh
mid move iri
mun support kie move ruh
pic move bur
por move mid
ruh move bel
sil support mun
tus move pie
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
boh move tyr
bur support par move pic
eas move smy
eng move nth
gal move sil
hol support bel
iri move eng
kie support ruh move hol
mid move bre
mun move ruh
par move pic
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh move hol
sil move mun
tys move ion
vie move tyr
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
boh move tyr
bud move ser
bur support pic
eng move lon
gal move war
hol support bel
kie support ruh move hol
mid move bre
mun move bur
nth support eng move lon
pic support bur
ruh move hol
ser move alb
sil move mun
tus move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
bel support hol
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bul move con
bur move par
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie support ruh move hol
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth move hel
rom move tus
ruh move hol
ser move gre
sil move mun
tri support boh move tyr
vie support boh move tyr
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support hol
bul support aeg move con
bur move ruh
con support smy
den hold
eng support pic move bel
hel support nth move hol
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie move hol
lvp move edi
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth move hol
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh move bur
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy support con
stp move fin
swe support den
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
vie support tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Italy: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
hol move ruh
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
