PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
eng support pic move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tun via convoy
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud move ser
den support kie move bal
edi move nth
eng move iri
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move bal
lon move wal
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move lon
nwy hold
par move bre
por move spa
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support gre
ank support con
bel hold
bla support sev move arm
bre move par
bul hold
con hold
eng move iri
gre hold
iri move nat
lon move eng
nth support hol move bel
nwy move nrg
rum hold
ser support bul
sev move arm
ska move swe
spa hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
wal move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support arm move ank
bre move pic
bul hold
eng support nth
gre move aeg
iri support nat move lvp
lvp move edi
nat move lvp
nth support swe move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
par hold
rum move gal
ser support bul
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move adr
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move yor
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
ank support bul move con
bel hold
bla move rum
bul move con
eng move mid
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gal move sil
gre support adr move ion
iri move eng
lvp hold
mar hold
nth support nwy
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
nwy hold
par hold
pic move bre
ser move bud
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
yor move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
nwy move swe
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army vie
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel hold
bre move gas
bud move tri
con support ank move smy
eas move ion
eng move lon
fin move swe
gre move ion
ion move tys
lvp move nat
mid move spa/nc
mar support bre move gas
nth support swe move den
nrg move cly
nwy support fin move swe
par support bre move gas
pie move tus
rum hold
ser move alb
sil move ber
swe move den
tri move tyr
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move mun
cly move lvp
con move bul
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
gas move spa
gre move ion
lon hold
mar support gas move spa
nat move lvp
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
par move pic
rom support tri move ven
rum move bla
sil move ber
smy hold
spa/nc hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys move nap
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/nc move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
cly support nrg move nat
den move nth
eng support den move nth
gre move ion
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nap move tys
nrg move nat
pic move bel
por move mid
rom move tus
sev move ukr
smy hold
spa move por
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move adr
tus move pie
tyr move pie
ven support rom move tus
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre move eng
cly move lvp
con move aeg
den support eng move nth
eng move nth
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon move nth
lvn move pru
lvp move cly
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat support cly move lvp
pic move bel
por hold
ser move gre
sil move ber
smy hold
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tus support ven move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move iri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove den
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move eng
gal move boh
ion move tun
iri support bre move eng
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvp support nat move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar hold
mun support kie move ruh
nat move iri
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
pic move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
sil move ber
smy move arm
stp/nc move bar
tus move pie
tys move wes
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: fleet/dislodged iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
iri disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bre move eng
bur move ruh
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp move wal
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes move spa
mar support por move spa
mun move bur
nth support yor move lon
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
ruh support kie move hol
tri move ven
tus hold
tyr move mun
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move bur
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur move par
gre move ser
iri support wal move eng
kie move hol
lon hold
gol hold
mid move por
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth support kie move hol
nrg move nat
pie move mar
por move naf via convoy
pru move sil
ruh move kie
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid move por
tri move ven
tun move naf
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wal move eng
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move bre
hol support nth move bel
iri support nat move mid
lon move pic via convoy
gol move tys
mar move bur
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth move bel
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
por hold
sev move rum
sil move ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
ukr move gal
ven move pie
war move sil
wes support nat move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move mun
boh move vie
bur move bel
edi move nth
eng move bre
gal move bud
hol move ruh
iri move eng
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun move tyr
naf move tun
pic support eng move bre
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move war
spa/sc move por
tri move ser
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys move nap
war move ukr
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged bre
Russia: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Austria: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
spa move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
