PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev hold
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move aeg
gal support sil move war
hol support pic move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nap move tun via convoy
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru hold
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa move por
tyr move mun
ukr hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
gal move war
gre hold
hol move nth
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move lvn
nap move tun via convoy
nth move ska
par move gas
por move spa
pru support mos move lvn
ser support gre
sev support ukr move rum
sil support gal move war
spa/sc move wes
swe move fin
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bel support gas move bur
ber support sil move mun
bla support arm move sev
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
den move swe
gal support bud move rum
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
lon move nth
lvn support pru move war
gol convoy spa move tus
mid move wes
mun hold
nap move rom
nwy support ska move swe
pru move war
rum support arm move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move mun
ska move swe
spa move tus via convoy
ukr support sev
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
rum move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
remove ser
remove sev
build Army tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move rum
bud move ser
bur move mar
con support arm move smy
den hold
fin move swe
gal move war
kie support den
lvn move mos
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support rum move sev
mun move tyr
nth support swe move den
nwy move stp/nc
rum move sev
smy support bul move con
swe move den
tun move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr move ven
war support lvn move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
smy move aeg
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel support kie move hol
bul hold
con support rum move bul
den support fin move swe
edi move nwy
fin move swe
gal move rum
gre move aeg
ion move nap
kie move hol
lvn support war move mos
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support sil move war
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support tyr move ven
rom support ven
rum move bul/ec
ser support bul
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
stp/nc hold
tri move vie
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support ion move nap
ven support rom
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move ukr
nap move apu
rum move bla
swe move bot
ven disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
bot move lvn
bre move eng
bul move con
con move bul/ec
den move swe
eas move smy
gas hold
hol move nth
kie move hel
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move arm
spa/sc move mid
tri move adr
tus move rom
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support pie move tyr
vie support ser move tri
war support ber move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
smy move ank
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support bul/ec
boh move vie
bot support nwy move swe
den move swe
eng move lon
gas move par
gre support aeg move bul
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
ion hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move iri
mos move stp
nap support ion
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
rom support ven
sev support ukr move rum
tri support adr move ven
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move rum
ven support tyr
vie hold
war support pru move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move ska
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
remove bul/ec
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move con
bel move wal via convoy
bla support con move ank
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move ank
den hold
eng convoy bel move wal
gre support rum move bul
hel support den
ion move adr
iri support bel move wal
kie move bal
lvn move mos
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth move nwy
par move bur
rom move ven
rum move bul
sev support mos
ska move nwy
smy support ank move con
tri support bud move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support lvn move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
tri move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
bla support con move ank
bot move bal
bud support adr move tri
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move ank
den hold
edi move nth
eng support wal move lon
hel move nth
iri move lvp
kie move hel
mid move nat
mos support war
nap move apu
nth move nrg
ser support adr move tri
sev move rum
ska move nwy
smy support ank move con
tri support vie move bud
tyr support tri
ven support nap move apu
vie move bud
wal move lon
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
remove con
build Fleet mar
remove stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank support smy move con
apu move adr
bal convoy swe move pru
ber hold
bla move sev
bre move gas
bud support adr move tri
bul move rum
den hold
edi support nwy move nth
eng support hel move nth
hel move nth
ion support apu move adr
kie support den
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mar move gol
mos move stp
nat support lvp move cly
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
ser support adr move tri
sev move rum
smy move con
swe move pru
tri support vie move bud
tyr support vie
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move tri
ank move smy
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla move con
bud support alb move tri
bul move rum
cly move edi
den move swe
eng move bel
gas move bur
gre support alb
hel move nth
ion support adr
kie support ber
gol move tys
mos move war
nat move nrg
nrg move nwy
pru move sil
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
stp support nrg move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move bud
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move tri
bel support edi move nth
ber support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud support alb move tri
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den hold
edi move nth
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nth support kie move hol
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move nrg
par move bur
ser support alb move tri
sev move ukr
sil move mun
smy move arm
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
nth move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh move gal
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move nth
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move hol
mun support ber
nth move ska
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support stp
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move kie
ser support alb move tri
sil support vie move boh
stp support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven support pie move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
remove stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move smy
alb move gre
arm move syr
bel support hol
ber move kie
bud support ser move tri
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
eas support ion move aeg
gre move bul
hel support kie move hol
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy hold
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
sil move ber
ska move swe
tri move alb
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven support pie move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
tyr move vie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move smy
alb move adr
bel support hol
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bud move tri
bul move con
den support kie
eas move ion
gal support tri move vie
gre move bul
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
kie support hel move hol
gol move tys
mun support ruh move kie
nth move hel
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
ruh move kie
sil support ber move mun
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
syr support smy
tri move vie
tyr support mun
ven support tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh support bur move mun
bud move rum
bul support alb move gre
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
gal move bud
hel support ber move kie
hol support ruh move kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie move bal
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nth support swe move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
ruh move kie
sil support mun
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
syr move arm
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move gal
bud support vie move tri
bul support alb move gre
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
fin move swe
hel support ber move kie
hol move kie
ion support aeg move gre
mun support ber move kie
nap support ion
nth support den
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
ser support vie move tri
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
tri support pie move tyr
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
