PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move rom
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tus
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank hold
bot move swe
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
gal move war
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
sev move rum
ukr support sev move rum
vie hold
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bar support nwy move stp
bel move hol
bre move eng
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
lon move hol
mar move gol
mos support stp/sc
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp
par move pic
por move mid
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
bel move hol
bul move ser
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
gas move bur
gre hold
gol move tys
mid move iri
mos support stp/sc
nth move hol
nwy support bar move stp/sc
pic move wal
rum hold
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri move ser
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bar move nwy
bel move hol
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
eng support wal move lon
gre move ion
ion move tun
iri move lvp
lon move wal
mos support stp/sc
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor
rum hold
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri support bul move ser
tys move tun
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank hold
ber support sil move mun
bul hold
eng support lon
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon hold
mos move stp
mun support hol move kie
nth move lon
ser move bud
sil move mun
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri support ser move bud
tys move tun
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bot move bal
bre move pic
bud support tri move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move nth
gre move aeg
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lon hold
lvp move cly
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nwy move nth
par move bur
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
stp move fin
tri move vie
tun move tys
tys move gol
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move den
ber move kie
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
cly move edi
eng move nth
fin move swe
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
lon hold
lvn move war
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
nwy move nth
pic move bel
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sil support mun
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support eng move nth
ber move kie
bla move sev
bud support rum
bur move mun
con support ank move bla
den support ber move kie
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
lvp move edi
gol support ion move tys
mar hold
mun support ber move kie
nwy move nrg
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser move bul
sil support mun
spa/sc hold
swe move nwy
tun hold
ukr support bla move sev
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support nth
bla support arm move sev
bud move gal
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support nrg move nth
edi hold
gal move rum
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mar move gol
mun support sil move ber
nth move den
nrg move nth
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser support rum
sev hold
sil move ber
spa/sc support mar move gol
tyr move vie
tys support ion move tun
ukr support sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gol move pie
nth disband
tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
ber support mun
bla support sev
bud move gal
con move bul
den hold
gal support ukr move rum
hol support kie
kie hold
gol support spa/sc move wes
mos move sev
mun hold
naf support spa/sc move wes
nth move hel
nwy hold
pie support tys move gol
rum support sev move ukr
ser move tri
sev move ukr
spa/sc move wes
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr move rum
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
gol move spa/sc
ukr move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla move con
bul move ser
bur support mar
den move bal
gal move war
hel move den
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie hold
gol move mar
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos support sev move ukr
mun hold
naf move tun
nwy move swe
pie support gol move mar
rum support arm move sev
sev move ukr
spa/sc move gol
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war support sev move ukr
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal convoy swe move ber
bur move gas
con move aeg
den move nth
eng move iri
gal support sev move ukr
hol move bel
ion support tun move tys
kie move hol
lon move yor
lvp move edi
gol support wes move tys
mar support gol
mos move sev
mun hold
naf move tun
pie move gol
rum support sev move ukr
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil support swe move ber
swe move ber
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus support pie move gol
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ukr move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bud move gal
gal move boh
gas move bur
ion move tun
iri move lvp
lvp move yor
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
pie support tus move gol
rum support arm move sev
tun support wes move tys
tus move gol
tyr support gal move boh
tys support tus move gol
ukr move mos
ven hold
wes move tys
yor support iri move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
lvp disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move ruh
boh move mun
bre move mid
edi move nrg
gal move war
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
lvp move nat
gol move tys
mar move pie
par move gas
pie support tus move gol
rum move bud
sev move mos
tun support gol move tys
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
ukr support gal move war
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
bur move mun
gas support mar
gre move alb
ion support tun
kie move den
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move kie
naf support wes move tun
nat move nrg
nrg move nwy
pie support gol
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
tun move tys
tyr support mun
tys support wes move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tus
war hold
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
ank move arm
bre move mid
con move bul
den move kie
edi move yor
gas move mar
ion support wes move tys
kie hold
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support den move kie
naf move wes
nrg move bar
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move hol
smy move aeg
spa/sc support naf move wes
tun hold
tus move apu
tyr support vie move boh
tys support tun
ukr move war
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Turkey: army/dislodged kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move adr
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp/nc
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
bur support mun
gas move mar
hol move bel
ion support tys
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol hold
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun hold
nwy move stp/nc
pie move gol
ruh move hol
spa/sc support gol
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support pie move gol
war move pru
wes support tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bar support nwy move stp/nc
bel move ruh
boh move sil
bur support mun
con move bul
eng move bel
gre move ion
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support bel move ruh
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support sil
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
pie hold
pru support boh move sil
ser move bud
sev move ukr
spa/sc support gol
tun hold
tus support tys move rom
tyr move mun
tys move rom
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bar support nwy move stp/nc
bel move hol
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support mun
gre support ion
hol move ruh
ion support apu move nap
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support wes move tys
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pie move tyr
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support tus
ruh support bel move hol
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move wes
tun support wes move tys
tus move pie
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
