PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber hold
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber hold
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support ukr move rum
con move aeg
den hold
ion move tun
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
ser support bla move bul/ec
tus move ven
ukr move rum
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove pie
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel support kie move hol
ber hold
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
den move ska
eng move iri
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser move bul
kie move hol
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bre
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rum move bud
ser move bul
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move sil
bla move rum
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul support aeg move gre
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion hold
gol support mar move pie
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mun support ber move sil
pie move tyr
rum move bud
ser move bul
sil move ber
ska hold
spa/sc move wes
swe move den
tri move bud
ven support pie move tyr
vie support bud move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
sil move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bla move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
den move kie
gal hold
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion support tys move tun
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mun support pie move tyr
nwy move nrg
pie move tus
pru move ber
rum move ser
ser move bul
sil move ber
ska move nth
stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support ukr move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move bud
gre move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel move ruh
bla support con move bul
bud support ser move rum
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support pru move ber
gol support tys
mar move pie
mun hold
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sil move ber
ska move den
tun support ion move tys
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ven support rom move tus
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move rum
bud move rum
den move hel
gal support rum move bud
hol move kie
ion move tys
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support hol move kie
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pru support war move sil
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bud
ser support bud move rum
sil move ber
swe move bal
tri move bud
tun support ion move tys
tus support ven
tyr move vie
tys support wes move tun
ven support tus
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move arm
bal support pru move ber
ber support mun move sil
bla move rum
bud support ser move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
gal support rum move bud
gre hold
hel move den
kie support hel move den
gol move tys
mun move sil
nrg move edi
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move bud
ser move rum
sil support pru move ber
smy move ank
tri move vie
tys move nap
vie move boh
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move tri
den move swe
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla support sev move rum
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul hold
den move ska
gal support bud move vie
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
ruh support kie
ser support tri move bud
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move bud
tus move rom
tyr support mar move pie
tys support nap move ion
ven support tus move rom
vie support tri move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hol
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
arm move sev
ber support sil move mun
bla move sev
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move hol
mun support hol move kie
nwy move swe
pie move ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sil move mun
ska move swe
tri move vie
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
vie support gal move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move bal
mun move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
arm move syr
bal move kie
ber support mun
bla move bul/ec
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul support gre move ser
con move aeg
den support bal move kie
edi move nth
gal move bud
gre move ser
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move pie
par move bur
ruh support kie
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev move arm
ska support kie move den
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr support kie move mun
tys move rom
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support smy move con
arm move ank
ber support mun
bla support arm move ank
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move nwy
edi move nth
eng move iri
gal move bud
kie support swe move den
lon move nth
mun support vie move tyr
nwy support swe
pie support tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move rum
ska convoy den move nwy
smy move con
swe move den
syr move smy
tri move bud
tyr support bur move mun
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move con
ank move con
ber move mun
bla support ank move con
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul support aeg move con
bur move mun
con move ank
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
gal move bud
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move nat
mun move tyr
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
ska hold
smy support con move ank
tri move vie
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support mun move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
ank support bla move con
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur support boh move mun
con support smy move ank
den move nth
eng support lon move nth
gal move bud
kie support nth move hol
lon move nth
nat move nrg
nth move hol
pie move tyr
ruh move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil support mun
ska move nwy
smy move ank
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support sev move arm
ber support mun
bla support ank
boh support bur move mun
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bur move mun
den move nth
eng move nth
gal move bud
hol support den move nth
kie support hol
lvp move nat
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
ruh support bur move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev move arm
sil move boh
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support bur move mun
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
ber support mun
bla support rum move bul
boh support tyr move vie
bud support tri move vie
bur move mun
eng move lon
gal move boh
hel move den
hol hold
kie support hol
mos move ukr
mun support gal move boh
nat move nrg
nth move edi
nrg move edi
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser move rum
sil support mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr move vie
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove con
build Army sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
bel support lon move nth
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bud support rum
bul move ser
bur support tyr move mun
con hold
gal support sil move boh
hel support lon move nth
hol support kie move hel
ion move eas
kie move hel
lon move nth
mun move kie
nat move cly
nth move eng
nrg support lon move nth
nwy move bar
ruh support tyr move mun
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
smy support bla move con
swe move den
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
bar move nwy
bel support ruh move hol
ber move mun
boh support mun move sil
bud support vie move gal
bul support sev move rum
bur move par
cly move edi
eas move smy
eng move bre
gal move boh
gre hold
hel support hol
kie support hol
mun move sil
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
sev move rum
sil support ber move mun
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mar
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel move eng
boh support ruh move mun
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
eas move aeg
edi move nrg
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
kie move den
mar move gas
mun move kie
nth support edi move nrg
nwy support nth
par move bre
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser move bul
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
tyr support ruh move mun
ukr move gal
vie move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move bel
nwy move ska
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support ska move nth
boh support tyr move mun
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
eng move lon
gal move rum
gas support par move bre
hol move bel
kie move mun
mun move ruh
nth move lon
nrg move edi
par move bre
rum move sev
ser support con move bul/sc
sil support kie move mun
ska move nth
swe support nwy
tyr move mun
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
Russia: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel support edi move nth
boh support tyr move mun
bul/sc move aeg
bud move ser
con move bul
den move kie
eas move aeg
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move ber
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
nth move den
nwy support bar move nrg
par move pic
ruh move kie
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil move boh
ska support edi move nth
swe support nth move den
tri support bud move ser
tyr move mun
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh move sil
bre move gas
bul/sc move aeg
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support hol move kie
gal move bud
hol move kie
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nth support bel move hol
nrg support yor move edi
pic move bre
ruh move kie
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev hold
sil support ber move mun
ska move den
spa/sc move por
swe support nwy
tri move bud
ukr support mos move sev
vie support tri move bud
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Russia: fleet/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
sev move arm
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move smy
ber move mun
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud hold
bul support rum move ser
bur move ruh
den move kie
eas move aeg
edi support nrg move nth
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre support eas move aeg
hel support den move kie
hol move hel
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun support ruh move kie
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
por support gas move spa
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser support bud
sev move arm
sil support ber move mun
ska support nth move den
smy support sev move arm
spa/sc move wes
swe move den
ukr move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Austria: army/dislodged arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move smy
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move ruh
den support ska move swe
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal move boh
gre support aeg move bul/sc
hel move den
hol move hel
ion move nap
gol move wes
mun support ruh move kie
nth move hol
nwy move ska
pic move bur
por move mid
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser support bul
sil move mun
ska move swe
smy move con
swe support hel move den
tri support bud move ser
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army/dislodged bul
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move rum
ser move alb
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support hol move hel
gal move vie
hel move den
hol move hel
lon move nth
mid move nat
mun support ruh move kie
nap move tys
nth support nwy move ska
nwy move ska
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum support alb move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move bla
sil move mun
ska support lon move nth
smy move con
spa move mar
swe support hel move den
tri move bud
tun move ion
vie support tri move bud
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: fleet/dislodged den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal support ska move den
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bla support rum move bul
boh support mun
bud support ser move tri
bur move ruh
con support rum move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre move ion
hel support ska move den
ion move tun
lon support eng move nth
mar move pie
mun support ruh move kie
nat move nrg
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy support swe
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska move den
tri move ven
vie move bud
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
