PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul support apu move gre
con move bla
den hold
eng move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid move por
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bre
pru move ber
rum hold
ser support apu move gre
smy move con
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla hold
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon hold
mar move bur
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy hold
par support mar move bur
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy hold
spa move gas
swe move ska
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm support eas move smy
bel support hel move hol
ber support ruh move kie
bla move ank
bud hold
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con support smy
eas move smy
gas move mar
gre support bul
hel move hol
lon move wal
mid move wes
nth support bel
nwy support ska move swe
par support bur
pic move bel
pru support sil move ber
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sil move ber
ska move swe
smy support con
tri move ser
tys move tun
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move aeg
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel support hol
ber support sil move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move ruh
gre hold
hol support bel
kie move ber
lon move eng
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move den
nwy move den via convoy
par move bur
pru move sil
rom move tus
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy support bul move con
swe move bal
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move ank
bal support ber move kie
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
boh move mun
bud move rum
bur support ruh move mun
den support hol move kie
eng support bel
gre hold
hol move kie
kie support mun move ber
lon hold
lvn move mos
mun move ber
nth support bel
pic move bre
pie hold
pru move war
ruh move mun
sil hold
smy hold
tri move alb
tun move wes
tus move ven
tys support tun move wes
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla move rum
bud move gal
bur support mun
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
gre hold
hol support den move kie
lon hold
mar move pie
mos move sev
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move gas
pie move mar
rum move sev
sil move boh
smy support con
stp/sc move bot
tri support mun move tyr
tyr support boh
tys move gol
ven move tus
war move gal
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support bud move gal
bot hold
bre move par
bud move gal
bur support mun
gas support mar
gre move tun
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move tun
kie support ber move mun
lon move hol via convoy
gol convoy tus move spa
mid move por
mos move stp
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rum support bud move gal
sil support mun
smy support con
tri support tyr
tus move spa
tyr support boh
war move gal
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mid
remove mun
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move mun
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mar
con move ank
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gal support rum
gas support mar
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie support hol move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
gol convoy tun move mar
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bre
pie support tun move mar
por support gas move spa
sev support bla move rum
sil support ber move mun
smy hold
spa support tun move mar
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tun move mar
tyr move mun
war hold
wes convoy tun move mar
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support sev move rum
boh move mun
bre move par
bur support mar
eng convoy nwy move bre
gal support rum
gas move spa
ion move tun
iri support mid
kie support ber move mun
gol support spa
mid support nwy move bre
mar support gas move spa
mos move war
nth convoy nwy move bre
nrg hold
nwy move bre via convoy
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support ber move mun
sev move rum
sil support war move gal
smy move aeg
spa hold
tri move bud
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
war move gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
rum move bul
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre support lon move gas
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
eng convoy lon move gas
gal move bud
iri support mid
lon move gas via convoy
gol support spa
mid convoy lon move gas
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun via convoy
nth hold
nrg move nat
par hold
pic support ruh move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum support gal move bud
sil move boh
spa support pie move mar
tun move naf
tyr move boh
ukr support bul move rum
war move mos
wes convoy naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bre move par
bud move gal
bur support mar
con move bla
eng move nth
gas support mid move spa
ion convoy tun move apu
iri support nat move mid
kie move ber
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth move den
par hold
pic support bre move par
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
tun move apu
tyr support vie
ukr move war
vie support tyr
wes support spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
remove boh
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm support rum move sev
ber support bur move mun
bud move gal
bur move mun
con move bla
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support mos move war
gas support mar
ion move aeg
iri support nat move mid
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move war
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
rum move sev
sev hold
tri move bud
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
war support bud move gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
sev move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm support sev
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla move rum
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bur support mun
gal move vie
gas support mar
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
lon move den
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
sev support bla move rum
spa hold
tri move vie
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war support boh move gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove ruh
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh move sil
bud move rum
bur support mun
con hold
den move kie
edi move nwy
gal support boh move sil
gas support mar
iri support nat move mid
kie move bal
lon hold
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move sev
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
rum move bla
sev move ukr
sil move pru
spa hold
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
war move ukr
wes support spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move sil
bur support mun
con hold
gal support sil move war
gas support mar
iri support nat move mid
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn support war
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move sev
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move war
spa hold
tyr move mun
vie move boh
war move ukr
wes support spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support stp move lvn
ber support mun move sil
boh support sil
bur support ruh move mun
den move kie
gal support war
gas support mar
iri support nat move mid
lvn move war
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support lvn move war
mun move sil
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth hold
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
pru support lvn move war
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move pru
stp move lvn
tri support tyr
tyr move mun
vie support boh
war support sev move mos
wes support spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal hold
ber move sil
boh move sil
bur support mar
con hold
gal support war
gas support mid move spa
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
lvn support sil move war
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support lvn move war
mun support ber move sil
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth hold
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
pru support sil move war
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support mos
tri support tyr
tyr move mun
ukr support war
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
wes support spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal support lvn
ber support sil
bla move con
bur support mar
con hold
gal support war
gas support mid move spa
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
lvn support mos
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support sil move war
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth move eng
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
pru support sil
sev move mos
spa hold
stp support mos
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie support boh
war support sev move mos
wes support spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn
ber support sil
boh move sil
bur support mar
con hold
eng support nat move mid
gal support war
gas support mid move spa
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos hold
naf move mid
nat move mid
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
pru support sil
sev move mos
sil support mun
smy move arm
spa hold
stp support mos
tyr hold
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
wes support spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move lvn
ber support sil
bud support gal
bur support gas move mar
con hold
eng move bre
gal support war
gas move mar
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
lvn move mos
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
naf move mid
nat move mid
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
pru support sil
sil support mun
spa hold
stp support lvn move mos
tri support tyr
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie support boh
war support mos
wes support spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur support mar
con move aeg
gal move sil
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
lvn support stp
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar support bre move gas
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move mid
nat move mid
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
pru support sil
sev support mos
spa hold
stp support lvn
tri move bud
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie support boh
war support gal move sil
wes support spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
