PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul support bla move rum
bur support tyr move mun
eng convoy wal move bel
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
nth move nwy
pic support wal move bel
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser support bla move rum
sev hold
spa move por
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie hold
wal move bel via convoy
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support bel
gre hold
hol move nth
kie move den
lon support edi move nth
mos support sev
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic move bre
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ser support tri
sev hold
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr move boh
ukr support war move gal
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur support ruh
den hold
eng move nth
gre hold
hol move nth
kie support den
lon support eng move nth
mos support sev
nth move hel
ruh hold
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
ska move swe
spa hold
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun move sil
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move swe
gal move ukr
gre move alb
hel move kie
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move sil
nth move den
ruh move hol
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil move war
ska support nth move den
spa move gas
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
vie support bud move gal
war support ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
bla move rum
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den support ska move swe
gal move rum
gas move bur
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
mos support ukr move sev
mun support sil move ber
nth move nwy
pru move lvn
ruh support hel move kie
rum move ser
sev support bla move rum
sil move ber
ska move swe
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
sev move arm
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army lvp
remove pru
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
ber support mun move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
bud support ser
bur move bel
con move smy
den move hel
fin move stp/sc
gal move rum
hol support bur move bel
ion move aeg
kie hold
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mid move iri
mos support sev
mun move kie
nwy move stp/nc
rom move ven
ruh support mun move kie
rum support arm move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support gal move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
swe move bal
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bal move bot
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla move con
bud move rum
bul support rum
den move kie
edi move lvp
fin move stp/sc
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel support den move kie
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie hold
mid move nat
mos support sev
mun support kie
nth move lon
nwy move stp/nc
pic move eng
ruh support kie
rum support bul
ser support bud move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy support bla move con
tri support ser
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove hel
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm support smy
ber move pru
boh move sil
bot support nwy move stp
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul/sc move aeg
con support smy
den hold
edi support wal move lvp
eng move wal
gal hold
iri support nat move lvp
kie hold
lon move wal
mos move sev
mun support kie
nat move lvp
nwy move stp/nc
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy support con
tri hold
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie hold
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm support smy
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move con
con support smy
den hold
eas move smy
edi support wal move lvp
eng move lon
gal support sil move war
iri move nat
kie move den
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun move kie
nat move nrg
pru support sil move war
rum move ukr
sev move arm
sil move war
smy support con
tri move ser
tyr move mun
vie move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
war disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
remove fin
remove mos
build Fleet nap
remove sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
bre move eng
bud support tri
con support eas move smy
eas move smy
eng move nth
gal support ukr
kie hold
lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nat move lvp
nap hold
nrg move edi
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev support mos move ukr
smy support ank move con
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr support rum move sev
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud hold
bul support con
con support eas move smy
den support lon move nth
eas move smy
edi support lvp
gal move ukr
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn support war move mos
lvp support edi
mos support sev move ukr
mun hold
nat move iri
nap move tys
nth support kie move den
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp/nc
rum support ukr move sev
sev move ukr
stp/nc support nwy
tri move vie
ukr move sev
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel move wal via convoy
bud hold
bul hold
con move ank
den move swe
edi support lvp
eng convoy bel move wal
hol move kie
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move yor
lvn move stp
lvp support edi
mos support lvn move stp
nap move tys
nth support kie move den
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp/nc
rom move ven
rum hold
sev move arm
smy move eas
stp/nc support nwy
tri hold
tys move tun
ukr hold
ven move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bar move nrg
ber support den move kie
bud move vie
bul move ser
con support arm move ank
den move kie
eas move ion
edi support lvp
eng support wal move lon
iri move lvp
lvp support edi
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nth move edi
nrg support nth move cly
nwy support yor move nth
rum move sev
stp hold
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move lon
yor move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
kie move hol
nth move bel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove den
build Army mar
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move nrg
bel support hol
ber hold
boh hold
bur move mar
con move bul
edi hold
eng move nth
gre hold
hol hold
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie support nth move hol
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mos support stp
mun support ruh move bur
nth move lon
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support bar move nrg
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser hold
stp hold
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr move sev
vie hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
mar move gas
nrg move nat
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul move ser
bur move bel
edi move yor
eng move iri
gas move spa
gre hold
hol move kie
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support gol move spa
mun move ruh
nat move lvp
nth support kie move hol
nrg move cly
nwy support nth
par move bur
rum move bud
ser move tri
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr hold
vie move boh
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove lon
remove nat
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move mun
bud hold
bur move bel
cly move lvp
gre hold
kie support ruh move hol
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos hold
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support bur move bel
pie hold
ruh move hol
ser hold
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr hold
vie hold
wes support spa/sc move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bud move vie
bur support mar move gas
gre hold
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move nat
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth move eng
nwy hold
pie move mar
ser hold
sev hold
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr hold
vie move boh
wal move lvp
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh hold
bur support gas move pic
fin support stp move nwy
gas move par
gre move aeg
mar hold
nat move nrg
par move pic
pie hold
por support spa/sc move mid
rom move tys
ruh hold
ser hold
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr move war
vie hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
boh move sil
bur hold
den move swe
fin support den move swe
kie move den
mid move iri
mar hold
nap move tys
nrg support swe move nwy
par support bre
pie hold
por move mid
ruh hold
ser move gre
sev move mos
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move wes
vie move boh
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Italy: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: supply stp
Italy: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
remove pic
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh hold
bre support mid move eng
bud move ser
bur hold
den move kie
eng move wal
fin move nwy
gre hold
iri move wal
lon support eng move wal
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos hold
mun hold
nap move tys
nrg move cly
pie move mar
ruh hold
sil hold
smy hold
spa/sc hold
swe support fin move nwy
tri hold
tyr move pie
tys move wes
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bre move eng
cly move nat
eng move wal
hol support kie
iri support eng move wal
kie hold
lvp support wal
mid move bre
nwy support swe
par hold
spa/sc hold
swe support nwy
tys move gol
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
