PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move gas
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
gas move spa
kie move hol
lon move nth
nth move bel
rom support ven
ruh support kie move hol
ser move gre
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven hold
wal move yor
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bel support lon move nth
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
den move nth
eng move mid
hol support ruh move bel
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy support bot move swe
par move pic
por move spa
rom support ven
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser support ion move gre
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
tun support nap move tys
ven hold
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move ser
bel move hol
bul move ser
den move ska
eas move ion
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal support rum move bud
gre support bul move ser
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon support eng move nth
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move bur
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pic support eng move bel
rom move tun via convoy
rum move bud
ser move bud
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun move wes
tys convoy rom move tun
ven hold
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bar move nwy
ber move pru
bla move rum
bud support gal move vie
bul support gre move ser
bur move mar
con move gre via convoy
den support ska move swe
eas move ion
gal move vie
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move mun
lon move nth
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move lvn
nth move nrg
nwy hold
pic move par
rom move ven
ser support vie move bud
ska move swe
stp support nwy
swe hold
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move sil
wes support gol move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move tri
swe move bot
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support yor move nwy
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den support swe
eas move aeg
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvn support sil move war
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pru move war
rom move nap
rum move bla
ser move tri
sil move war
stp support nwy
swe support den
tri support boh move vie
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie hold
wes support gol
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army edi
remove ion
build Army kie
remove ska
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move sil
bot support stp
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bul
den move bal
eas move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
kie move ber
lvn support stp
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth move yor
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
pie move ven
pru support ber move sil
ser move tri
stp hold
swe support den move bal
tri move vie
tun move naf
tus support mar move pie
tys move gol
vie support ser move tri
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot support lvn
bul move ser
fin move stp
gal support war
gas hold
ion move tun
lvn hold
gol move tys
naf support ion move tun
nrg hold
nwy support fin move stp
pie support tus move ven
pru move war
rom support ven
ser move tri
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tun support gol move tys
tus move ven
tys support ion move tun
ven hold
vie move boh
war hold
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
tun move wes
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bla
remove bot
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal support stp move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
boh support war move gal
con move bul
gal support vie move boh
gas move bur
lvn move war
lvp move nat
gol support wes move tys
mos support lvn move war
naf move mid
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support tus move ven
pru support sil move war
rom support ven
ser support tri
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri support tyr
tus move ven
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support lvn move war
ven hold
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move nap
bal hold
bar hold
boh move sil
bot move lvn
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move nap via convoy
gal support war
ion convoy con move nap
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos hold
mun move boh
nat move mid
nwy move nrg
pie support tus move ven
pru support sil move war
rom support ion move nap
ser hold
sil move war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support tyr
tus move ven
tyr support bur move mun
tys move rom
ukr support mos
ven support rom
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove por
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tri move ven
bal move kie
bar move nrg
ber support sil move mun
boh move mun
bot move bal
bre move mid
con move aeg
gal support war
ion move tys
lon move eng
lvn move mos
mid move eng
mos hold
mun move ruh
nap support rom
nrg move nat
pie support ven
pru move sil
rom support tri move ven
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp support lvn move mos
tri move ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
ukr support war
ven support tys move rom
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support tri move ven
bal move kie
ber support sil move mun
boh support tyr move mun
gal support war
gre move ser
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn hold
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move por
mos hold
nat move iri
nap move tus via convoy
nrg move nat
pie support ven
pru move war
rom support tri move ven
ruh support ber move mun
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp support lvn
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys convoy nap move tus
ukr support war
ven support boh move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move mun
boh move sil
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal support ukr move war
hol hold
iri move mid
kie move bal
lvn hold
gol move tus
mar support pie
mos support war move lvn
naf support tun move wes
nat support iri move mid
pie support rom move ven
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rom support tus
ruh move bur
ser move gre
sev move ukr
sil move war
stp support lvn
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven support tus move pie
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal hold
boh move mun
bur support mar
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal move sil
hol hold
ion move tys
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support tus move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nat move mid
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move tus
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
stp support lvn
tri support tyr
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support mos
ven support rom move tus
war support gal move sil
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber move sil
boh move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move nth
gre move nap via convoy
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move nap
lvn support pru move war
gol support ven move pie
mid move wes
mar support pie move gol
mos hold
mun move ber
naf support wes
nat move mid
par move gas
pie move gol
pru support ber move sil
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil support war move pru
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp support lvn
tri move vie
tus support ven move pie
tyr support tri move vie
tys support gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move pru
wes support gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bul move ser
bur support mar
edi move nrg
eng hold
gal support vie move boh
gas support spa/sc
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
gol support wes
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
mun move ruh
naf support wes
nat hold
nap move rom
pie move mar
pru move war
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp support lvn
tus move ven
tyr support sil move mun
tys support gol
ukr move war
vie move boh
war move sil
wes support naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur move ruh
eng move bel
gal support mos move war
gas support mar
kie move hol
lvn move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move war
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
par move pic
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move hol
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil support mos move war
spa/sc support mar
stp support lvn move mos
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur move bel
gal move war
gas support mar
iri move eng
kie move hol
lvn support mos
gol convoy tus move mar
mid move gas
mar support spa/sc move gol
mun move ber
naf move wes
nat move mid
pic support bur move bel
pie support tus move mar
pru move ber
ruh move bur
sev hold
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc move gol
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tus move mar via convoy
tys support gol
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove gal
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bur move ruh
con move bul
gas support spa/sc move mar
hol support kie
iri move eng
kie support hol
lvn move pru
gol support mar move spa
mid move gas
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
nth move eng
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
pru move bal
sev support war move mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tys move wes
ukr support war move mos
ven move pie
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie move ber
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
gas move spa
hol move kie
iri support nth move eng
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support spa move gas
mos move lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie support mar
por move mid
pru support kie move ber
sev move mos
spa move gas
stp hold
tyr support ber move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
war move pru
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Turkey: army/dislodged ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nth
remove por
build Army sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber support pru move sil
bul move ser
eng support nat move mid
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
lvn support war move pru
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mar support gol move spa
mos move war
mun support sil move ber
naf support mid
nat move mid
nwy support stp
pie support mar
pru move sil
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa move por
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move gal
war move pru
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber support mun move kie
bur move mun
eng move bre
gal move boh
gas support pie move mar
hol hold
iri support nat move mid
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid convoy por move bre
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf support mid
nat move mid
nwy support stp
pie support mar
por move bre via convoy
pru support ber
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
sil support kie move ber
spa/sc move por
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move gol
war move sil
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
boh support war move gal
con move bul
den support hol move kie
eng move bre
hol move kie
iri move eng
kie move mun
lvn move war
gol support mar
mid convoy por move spa
mar support por move spa
mos move lvn
naf support mid
nwy support stp
pie support mar
por move spa via convoy
pru support lvn move war
sev move mos
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/sc move por
tri support tyr
tyr support kie move mun
tys move tus
war move gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support war move sil
bre hold
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
eng move iri
gal support war move sil
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar
mid move nat
mar support spa move gas
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf support por move mid
nat move iri
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support war move sil
ser move bud
sil support kie move ber
spa move gas
stp hold
tri move vie
tus move pie
tyr move ven
war move sil
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
