PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu hold
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
eng move bel
gal move boh
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
ukr move gal
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
bel move pic
ber move mun
boh move sil
bud support ser move tri
bul hold
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal hold
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move bel
nwy move swe
rum support gre move bul
ser move tri
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri hold
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie support ser move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
bal support swe move den
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul/sc hold
bur support pic move par
con move bul
den support swe
eas move smy
eng move pic
hol move hel
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support kie move ber
nth move hol
par move pic
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move bla
ser support con move bul
swe move den
tri hold
ven move tri
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
par move bre
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove ber
remove bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank hold
bal move kie
bla support gal move rum
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
bur support pie move mar
den support bal move kie
edi move nth
gal move rum
gre move alb
hel support kie move hol
hol move hel
ion move adr
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mun move kie
par move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
swe support den
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb support ven move tri
ank support con move bla
bel support nth move hol
ber support kie
bla move con
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move mun
con move bla
den support kie
eng support pic move bre
hel support mun move kie
hol support mun move kie
kie hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
mun move kie
nat move mid
nth move hol
par move bre
por support nat move mid
rum move bul
ser move bud
sil move mun
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move arm
hol move ruh
mid move iri
tri disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hel
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move arm
arm support sev move bla
bel support lon move pic
ber move mun
bla move sev
bre hold
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
eng convoy lon move pic
hol move nth
kie hold
mid support pic move bre
mun hold
nap move ion
pic move bre
por hold
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
sil support ber move mun
swe hold
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move par
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser
ank move arm
arm move bla
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support ank move arm
bre support lon move gas
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move smy
den move bel
eng convoy lon move gas
gal support vie
gre move ion
kie hold
lon move gas via convoy
mid convoy lon move gas
mar hold
nth convoy den move bel
par move bre
por move spa/sc
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support arm move bla
sil support ber move mun
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support ion move gre
ank support arm move bla
arm move bla
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla hold
bre support lon move pic
bud support rum
bul support ser
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support vie
gas support bel move bur
gre support bul
ion move gre
lon move pic via convoy
mid support gas
mar support spa/sc
mun hold
par hold
rum support bud
ser support bul
sev support bla
sil support ber move mun
smy move con
tri move ser
tyr support tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move aeg
mun disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ser move gre
alb support gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bre support gas
bud support rum
bul support ser move gre
bur support pic move par
con support bul
eng hold
gal support vie
gas support pic move par
hol hold
mid hold
mun hold
nth hold
par hold
pic move par
por hold
rum support bud
ser move gre
sev support bla
sil move boh
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army mos
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
ank support con
bla move bul/ec
boh support gal move vie
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul support gre
bur move mar
con support bul
eng hold
gal move vie
gas support bur move mar
gre support bul
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie hold
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move war
mun hold
nth hold
nwy move swe
par move bur
por support mid move spa
rum support bla move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev move bla
spa/sc support mar
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
ank move bla
bla move bul/ec
boh move mun
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur hold
con support bul
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas support por move spa
gre support ion move aeg
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie support swe move den
mid move naf
mun move ber
nth hold
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum support bla move bul
ser support bla move bul
sev move bla
spa/sc move gol
swe move den
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move sil
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con
ber move kie
bud support vie move tri
bul/ec move con
bur move ruh
con support smy
den move nth
edi move nrg
gas move bur
gre hold
hol move nth
kie move hel
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar support gas move bur
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth move nwy
pie move tus
rum move ser
sev move bla
sil move ber
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move bla
ber support mun
bla support bul/ec
bud move ser
bul/ec hold
bur move mun
con move bul
den move nth
eng move nth
gre support con move bul
hel move hol
hol support eng move nth
kie support hel move hol
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
naf move tun
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
ruh support hol
rum support bud move ser
ser support tyr move tri
sil support mun
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tus move pie
ven support tyr move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove pie
build Army smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
ber move mun
bla move sev
bul hold
bur support ruh
con move bla
den move swe
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
hel move hol
hol support edi move nth
kie support mun move ruh
lon hold
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move ruh
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
ruh support hol
rum move ser
ser support vie move tri
sil support mun
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tun move naf
tyr support tri move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar support nwy
ber support sil move mun
bul support con
bur support ruh
con support bul
eng move nth
hel move nth
hol support eng move nth
kie move hol
lon hold
mid hold
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth move ska
nwy support eng move nth
pie support tyr
ruh support hol
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lon
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur support ruh
eng move nth
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
kie move hol
mid move eng
mun move ruh
naf move wes
nwy support bar move stp
pie support ven move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil support mun
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move boh
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support ser move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
tri move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support nwy
bel support eng move nth
ber move kie
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move swe
eng move nth
gal move bud
hel support hol
hol hold
mos support stp/nc
mun move ruh
naf move wes
nth move den
nwy support den move swe
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev move rum
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
rum move bla
swe move bot
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
remove hel
remove hol
build Army lon
remove rum
remove tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bar support edi move nwy
bel move hol
ber support kie move mun
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move vie
bot move fin
bul support ank move rum
bur move ruh
den support mun move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support vie move bud
kie move mun
lon hold
mos move sev
mun move kie
naf move wes
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
ser support bud
sev hold
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support bla move sev
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh move gal
bud support tri move vie
bul support rum
den support hol move kie
gal move bud
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
mun support hol move kie
naf move wes
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support bar move stp
ruh support mun
rum support bla move sev
ser support bud
sev hold
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
swe move bot
tri move vie
tyr support mun
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
remove bot
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mos
build Army rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
boh support tri move vie
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den move bal
edi hold
gal move war
hol move ruh
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvp move nat
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move nrg
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser support bud
sev move bla
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
swe move bot
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar convoy edi move stp
ber hold
bla support bul move rum
boh support mun move sil
bot support edi move stp
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
edi move stp via convoy
gal move vie
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf move tun
nat move mid
nth move eng
nrg convoy edi move stp
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
tri support vie
tyr move pie
war move ukr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
