PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mun move ruh
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
stp move nwy
ukr move sev
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move eng
bla support ank move arm
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support ser move bul
kie move hol
mar move gas
mos support sev
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
par move bur
pic move par
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum move gal
ser move bul
sev support war move ukr
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
ven hold
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel move lon
bla support rum move bul
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur move mar
con support rum move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy bel move lon
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move den
mar support gas move spa
mos move war
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bre
rum move bul
ser support gal move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa support bur move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
bla support bul move con
bud move tri
bul support sev move rum
con support bul
den hold
eng move lon
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie move hol
lon move yor
mar hold
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy support con
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ion move alb
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support mun move bur
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
gre support bul
hol move nth
ion support alb move gre
lon support hol move nth
mar hold
mun move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
por hold
ruh support mun move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul
sev support rum
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support gal move bud
ven support tri
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move aeg
nth move hol
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support con move bul
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
den move swe
gre support rum move bul
ion move aeg
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth support lvp move edi
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
por move spa
rom move apu
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy apu move bul
apu move bul via convoy
bla move con
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move ank
den move swe
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre support apu move bul
ion convoy apu move bul
mos move war
mun move boh
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par support eng move bre
pic move bur
por move spa
rum support gal move bud
ser support apu move bul
sev support rum
sil move gal
ska support stp/nc move nwy
smy support bla move con
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ser
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army nap
remove nrg
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move con
ank support con
ber move bal
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul support nap move con
bur support par move gas
con hold
den move swe
gal move sil
ion convoy nap move con
kie move hel
mar support spa move gas
mun move tyr
nap move con via convoy
nth move ska
nwy move swe
par move gas
rom move tys
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move pru
ska support nwy move swe
smy support con
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
vie support bud
war support gal move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank support con
bal support den move swe
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
bur support par move gas
con hold
den move swe
gre move aeg
hel move den
ion convoy nap move gre
mar support spa move gas
mun support boh move tyr
nap move gre via convoy
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move gas
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil support war move pru
ska support nwy move swe
smy support con
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tys move tun
vie move tri
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
bal move swe
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul support gre move con
bur support par move gas
den support bal move swe
eas move smy
gre move con via convoy
hel move nth
mar support spa move gas
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth move eng
nwy move swe
par move gas
pru move ber
rum hold
ser support ven move tri
sil support pru move ber
ska support nwy move swe
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move naf
tyr move ven
ven move tri
vie support bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support smy
bal move swe
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul move con
bur support par move gas
con move smy
den support bal move swe
eas support con move smy
eng support bre move mid
mar support spa move gas
mos move lvn
mun support ber
naf move mid
nth move ska
nwy support ska move swe
par move gas
pru move sil
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move boh
ska move swe
smy support ank
spa move gas
stp/nc move bar
tri move alb
ven support tri
vie move tri
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet kie
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy
bal move pru
bar move nrg
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur support par move gas
con support eas move smy
den move kie
eas move smy
eng support bre move mid
ion move apu
kie move hel
lvn move pru
mar support spa move gas
mun support ber
naf move mid
nth move nrg
nwy support ska move swe
par move gas
rom move ven
ser move tri
sil support lvn move pru
ska move swe
smy support ank
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu support rom move ven
bal move pru
bar move nrg
ber support bal move pru
bot move bal
bre support par move gas
bud support vie
bur support pie move mar
con move smy
eas support con move smy
eng move mid
hel move den
kie support ber
mar hold
mun support tyr move boh
naf move mid
nth move nrg
nwy hold
par move gas
pru move ber
rom move ven
ser move gre
sil support pru move ber
smy support ank move con
spa support mar
swe support bot move bal
tri support rom move ven
tyr move boh
vie support tri
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move lvn
smy move ank
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
remove edi
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ion
bal support lvn move pru
bar move nrg
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
den move swe
eas support smy
eng move iri
gas move spa
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mid support spa
mar support ven move pie
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru move bal
rom move tus
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy support sev move arm
spa support mar
swe move ska
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes support mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move war
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move ank
bal move kie
bar move nwy
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bur support mar
con support ank
den move bal
eas move aeg
gas move spa
ion move tun
iri support bre move mid
mid support spa
mar support gas move spa
mun move tyr
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru support war move sil
ser move bul
sil move boh
ska move den
smy support arm move ank
spa support pie move mar
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move tri
war move sil
wes support mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
