PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bla move ank
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth move hel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom move ven
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa move por
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla
arm move bla
bel support par move bur
ber move kie
bla support bul
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul support ukr move rum
con support bul
gre move ion
hel support lon move nth
hol move nth
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move gol
nap move ion
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa
rom support ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support arm move bla
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri support vie move tyr
tun move tys
ukr support rum
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move bla
bal support hel move den
bel move hol
bla move sev
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
fin move swe
gre move ion
hel support nrg move nth
hol move bel
kie move hol
gol convoy spa move tus
mid move naf
nap move tys
nth move ska
nrg move nth
rom support ven
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev support arm move bla
spa move tus via convoy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr support rum
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bal
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla move rum
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support ank move bla
gal move vie
hel move kie
ion move nap
gol move tys
naf move tun
nth move hol
nwy move fin
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev support bla move rum
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tri support tyr move ven
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ukr support bla move rum
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bel support nth move hol
bla support rum move sev
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
den support hel move kie
fin move swe
gal move war
hel move kie
ion move gre
gol move mar
nap support rom
nth move hol
pie move mar
rom hold
rum move sev
ser hold
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun support wes move tys
tus move rom
tys move gol
ukr support sev move rum
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove ion
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
remove pie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
arm support sev
bel support bur move ruh
bla convoy ank move rum
bud support rum move gal
bul/ec move con
bur move ruh
den move hel
gre move ion
hol move nth
kie move ber
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mar move bur
mos hold
nap support rom
pru move ber
rom support nap
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support ank move rum
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move bla
bel hold
bla move con
boh move mun
bud support gal
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move kie
edi hold
gal support rum move ukr
gre support con move aeg
hel move nth
ion move nap
kie move ber
mos support war
nap support rom
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pie support tri move ven
rom support nap
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion move nap
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
remove pru
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel move bur
bla move con
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud hold
con move aeg
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move war
gre support con move aeg
ion hold
kie support edi move hol
lon move pic via convoy
mar move pie
mos hold
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy edi move hol
pie move tus
rom hold
ruh move bur
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp support mos
swe move fin
tus support mar move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
ukr support gal move war
ven support pie move tus
war support sil move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move bul/ec
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move bel
fin move stp
gal support mos move war
gre support eas move ion
hol support kie
ion hold
kie move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
mos move war
mun support kie move ruh
nap support rom
nth support lon move bel
pic move par
ruh move hol
sev move mos
stp move mos
tus move pie
tyr support mun
ukr support war
ven support tus move pie
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ion move tun
pie move mar
ruh move bur
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
remove fin
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber support hol move kie
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul/ec move rum
bur support pic move par
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion move apu
lon move wal
lvn support mos move war
lvp move iri
mar support bur
mos move war
nap move rom
nth support bel
par move bre
pic move par
pie move tus
rom move tys
ruh move bur
sev support war move mos
stp move mos
tun move tys
tyr move boh
ukr support war move mos
vie support bud move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur support pic move par
eng support iri move mid
gal move sil
gre move ion
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvn support sil move war
mar move spa
nap move ion
par support bel move pic
pic move par
ruh move bur
rum move bla
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support mos
tun support nap move ion
tus support ven move rom
ukr support sev move mos
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tys
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
ber hold
boh support mun
bud move gal
bur move pic
eng convoy lon move bre
gre support ion
ion support apu move nap
kie support ber
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move war
mid support lon move bre
mos hold
nap hold
nth move hel
par move bur
pic move bel
pru support ukr move war
rom support apu move nap
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support ukr move war
spa hold
stp support mos
tun move ion
tus support rom
tyr move pie
tys support nap
ukr move war
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support rom move nap
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move pru
boh move mun
bre move par
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal support war
gas move spa/nc
gre move ion
hel move nth
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos move war
mid move por
mos move war
mun move kie
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
spa move por
stp move mos
tus move rom
war support sev move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
mun move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army lon
remove tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move ion
bal support kie move ber
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move bre
gal support war
gas move mid
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move bel
pic move bre
pie move mar
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa support pie move mar
stp support mos
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Turkey: army/dislodged ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
mun move kie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
arm hold
bal move swe
bel move pic
ber hold
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur move mun
eng move bre
gal move war
gas support pic move bre
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mar move bur
nap move rom
nth move nwy
par support eng move bre
pic move bre
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sev support war move mos
sil support mun
spa hold
stp support mos
tun move wes
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet tri
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber hold
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur move gas
eng convoy lon move bre
gas move spa/nc
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move bre via convoy
mid move wes
mar support mun move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun move bur
nwy move nth
par support lon move bre
pic move par
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sil support pru move ber
spa move por
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri move adr
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move lvn
bel support bre move pic
ber support kie move mun
boh move mun
bre move pic
bur support boh move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
gal move boh
gas move bur
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos move stp
mid move wes
mar move gas
mos move stp
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support bre move pic
pic move par
pie move mar
por support spa/nc
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil support boh move mun
spa/nc support mar move gas
tun support tys move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
war support pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
England: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move bre
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
remove ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel support pic move bur
ber hold
boh support mun
bre move gas
bur move ruh
con move aeg
eng support mid
fin support nwy move stp
gas move bur
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mid hold
mar support gas move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nwy move stp
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
por support spa/nc
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
smy move eas
spa/nc support wes move mid
tun move naf
tyr support mun move boh
tys move wes
ukr move war
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move hol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh support mun
bot support nwy move stp
bre support mid move gas
bur move mun
eas move ion
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gas support mar move bur
hol support bel move ruh
ion move gre
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ruh move kie
naf support wes move mid
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
par support mid move gas
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
spa/nc support wes move mid
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
remove fin
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
