PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
edi move den
eng move wal
hol move bel
ion move tun
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru support sil move war
sil move war
smy move con
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tyr move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
apu support ven
bre move eng
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
den move lon
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mos support ukr move war
mun move bur
nth convoy den move lon
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie support tri move ven
pru move lvn
rom support ven
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
ukr move war
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support ven
bla move con
bul move gre
bur support hol move bel
con move aeg
den move lon
eng support wal move lon
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie move hol
lvn support pru move war
lvp move wal
mos support war
nth convoy den move lon
nrg move nat
nwy support swe
pic move par
pie support tri move ven
pru move war
rom support ven
spa move por
swe support nwy
tri move ven
wal move lon
war support mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove den
build Army mar
build Army sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move gre
apu support rom move ven
bel move pic
bre move mid
bul hold
con move aeg
eng support lon
gre move alb
hol move hel
ion move tun
lon support eng
lvn move war
mar support par move bur
mos support stp move lvn
nat move iri
nth support wal move lon
par move bur
pie support tri move ven
por move spa
pru support lvn move war
rom move ven
sev move ukr
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move ven
tys move nap
ven move tyr
wal move lon
war support stp move lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mun
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg move ion
alb hold
apu move ven
bul hold
bur move bel
den support lon move nth
eng move lon
gre support aeg move ion
hel move kie
iri move eng
lon move nth
lvn move war
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support lvn move war
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth support wal move lon
pic move bre
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom move tus
ser support ven move tri
sil move mun
spa move gas
tun hold
tyr move vie
ukr support lvn move war
ven move tri
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove iri
remove nap
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move pic
bur support sil move mun
eng move lon
gas move bre
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move hol
mid support gas move bre
mos move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nth support eng move lon
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tun support ion move tys
wal move lon
war support ukr move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move adr
aeg support bul move gre
alb move nap via convoy
apu move ven
bel support nth move hol
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bul move gre
bur support mun
edi move nth
fin move swe
gal move bud
ion convoy alb move nap
lvn move pru
mid move iri
mun hold
nth move hol
pic move bel
ser move bud
tri support ser move bud
tun move wes
tus support apu move ven
tys support alb move nap
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal move lon
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
remove pic
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber support kie
bre move pic
bud move vie
bur move mar
den move kie
gal support bud move vie
gre move alb
hol move nth
ion move tys
iri move wal
kie support ber
lon support hol move nth
mar move spa/sc
mun support den move kie
nap move rom
nth move lon
par move gas
pru move ber
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri move ven
tus move rom
tys move gol
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wal support nth move lon
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move bal
nth move edi
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move adr
aeg move ion
alb hold
bal move swe
ber move kie
edi hold
gas move spa
ion move tun
iri support lon move wal
lon move wal
gol move pie
mar support gas move spa
nap move rom
nth move eng
pic move bur
spa/sc move por
tri move ser
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys support nap move rom
wal move lon
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: fleet/dislodged wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move sil
bur support mar
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nth
eng move lon
ion move tys
iri support wal move lvp
kie support pru move ber
lvp move wal
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move tus
ser move bul
spa support mar
swe move fin
tri move bud
tun move wes
tys move tun
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bud support ser move tri
bur support mar
cly move lvp
con move bul
fin move stp/sc
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
iri move cly
lon move yor
lvp support iri move cly
gol convoy tus move spa
mid move naf
mar support spa
nth move lon
pie move mar
ser move tri
spa support mar
tun move naf
tus move spa via convoy
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army con
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur support mar
cly move edi
con move bul
gre support bul move ser
iri move eng
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
ser move tri
spa move por
stp/sc hold
tri move bud
tun move naf
vie support tri move bud
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bud support adr move tri
bul move ser
bur support mar
cly move edi
gre support bul move ser
iri support mid
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
naf move mid
pie move mar
por move spa
ser move tri
spa support pie move mar
stp/sc hold
vie support adr move tri
wes support spa
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bul support ser
bur support mar
cly move edi
con support bul
eng move lon
gre support ser
iri move mid
lvp move cly
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
mar support por move spa
naf move mid
pie move mar
por move spa
ser support bul
spa move por
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tys move ion
vie move tri
wes support naf move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur support mar
cly move edi
con move bul
edi move yor
eng move bel
gre support ser
iri move mid
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar support por move spa
pie move mar
por move spa
ser support bul move rum
spa support mid move por
stp/sc hold
tys move rom
wes support spa
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi move nth
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
