PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den move swe
eng convoy pic move wal
ion move tun
kie move hol
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
pic move wal via convoy
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy hold
spa move por
stp move nwy
tus move ven
ven move tyr
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bot convoy stp move swe
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul support alb move gre
den support kie move bal
eng move wal
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon hold
mos move stp
mun move sil
nrg move nat
por move spa
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support bul
ska move nwy
stp move swe via convoy
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ven move pie
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bal convoy kie move lvn
bot move bal
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bla
den move swe
eng support wal move lon
gre move aeg
kie move lvn via convoy
lon move yor
lvp hold
nat move lvp
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sil move war
smy move con
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tus support pie
wal move lon
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army mos
remove nth
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move sev
bal support den move swe
bla support arm move sev
bot convoy swe move stp
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con hold
den move swe
eng move mid
gre move aeg
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvn move mos
lvp hold
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos hold
mun move sil
nat move mid
nwy support swe
par move bur
pru move lvn
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser support bul
sev support mos
spa support bre move gas
swe move stp via convoy
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bal move bot
bla move rum
bul move con
bur move mar
con move smy
eas move smy
eng move mid
gas support por move spa
lvn move stp
lvp hold
gol support spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nat move mid
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev support bla move rum
sil support war
spa move por
swe move nwy
tus support pie
tys move wes
ukr support rum move sev
war support mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
remove nat
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
bla move ank
bre move mid
bur move mar
con hold
eas move smy
edi move cly
eng support bre move mid
gal move boh
gas support bur move mar
kie move hol
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mos support war
mun move ruh
nwy hold
pie move mar
ser move bul
sil move mun
spa support bur move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tus support pie
ukr move rum
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tri
war support mos
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy disband
spa move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move den
boh move vie
bul move ser
cly move nat
con move ank
eng move mid
gas support por move spa
hol move bel
ion move nap
lvn move war
mid move naf
mar support por move spa
mos hold
mun support war move sil
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh support mun
rum move bud
sev move arm
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tus support pie
tyr move ven
ven support pie
wal hold
war move sil
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move gol
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
remove gol
remove pie
remove rom
remove tus
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm support con move ank
bel move pic
ber move sil
bre support nat move mid
bud move gal
con move ank
den move nth
gas move mar
kie move hol
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
naf support mid move wes
nat move mid
nap support ven move rom
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
ruh move bur
ser move rum
sil move gal
spa hold
tri move tyr
tus move rom
ven move rom
vie support bud move gal
wal hold
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla move con
bre move eng
bur move gas
edi move lvp
gal move war
hol move bel
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun support ber move sil
naf move tun
nap support rom
nth move eng
nrg move edi
pic move par
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum support arm move sev
sev support ukr
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr support sev
vie move boh
wal move lon
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove iri
build Army kie
remove spa
build Fleet tri
remove tus
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
arm move sev
bel move eng
ber move sil
boh move mun
bre support mar move gas
bud move gal
bur support par move gas
con move bul/sc
edi move yor
gal move war
kie support mun
lon move yor
lvp support edi move yor
mar move gas
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nth support bel move eng
par move gas
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum support arm move sev
sev support ukr
sil move war
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support sev
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
arm support rum move sev
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre support mar move gas
bud move rum
bur support mun
eng move bre
gal move ukr
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvp move wal
mar move gas
mun hold
nap support adr move ion
nth move eng
par support eng move bre
pie move mar
rum move sev
sev hold
sil move war
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
ukr support sev
vie support tyr
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Germany: army/dislodged sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move mid
sev move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber support mun move sil
bre support par move gas
bul/sc move aeg
bur support par move gas
con move bul
eng move mid
gal support vie move boh
gas support mar move bur
gre move aeg
ion move nap
kie move mun
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support ukr
mun move sil
nap move rom
par move gas
pie support tyr
pru support war
ruh support kie move mun
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
sil move mun
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tun move ion
ukr support war
vie move boh
wal hold
war support ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
ber hold
boh support gal
bre hold
bur support mun
gal support sil move war
gas move spa
gre support adr move ion
kie support mun
lon hold
mid move por
mos support ukr
mun hold
nap support rom move tys
pie support tyr
pru support war
rom move tys
ruh support mun
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move war
tyr support boh
ukr support war
wal move lvp
war support ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
