PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tus
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
kie move ber
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move spa/sc
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum support bud move ser
sil move ber
spa move por
tri hold
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm hold
ber move mun
bot move bal
bre move pic
bud move ser
con support gre move bul
den move nth
edi move nth
gre move bul
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move pru
mar move gol
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move gas
por move spa
ruh move hol
rum support bud move ser
ser move alb
sev move bla
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
tri move adr
tun hold
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm hold
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bul move gre
con support ank move bla
den move bal
edi move nth
gas move mar
hol hold
kie move mun
gol support gas move mar
mid move eng
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru support bal move ber
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sil move mun
spa hold
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun hold
tys support wes move gol
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mun
remove sev
build Fleet tri
remove tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel hold
bla support bul
bud support rum
bul hold
con support bul
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy pic move wal
gas move bre
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
kie move lvn via convoy
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol move tus
mar support spa
mos move war
mun support hol move kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa support mar
stp/nc support edi move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tys move ion
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
bal support kie move ber
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla support bul
bre hold
bud support rum
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
eng move mid
gre move bul
iri support lon move eng
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nth support den
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie move ven
pru move war
rum support gre move bul
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tus move rom
tys move nap
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lvp
build Army par
remove pru
remove sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
apu support ion move nap
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
bre hold
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move bel
con support bul
den move kie
eng move mid
gas move spa
gre support ser
hol hold
ion move nap
iri support eng move mid
mid move nat
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nth move hel
par move pic
pie move tus
rom move nap
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move ukr
swe hold
tri move ven
tys move ion
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support nap
bal support kie move den
bel support hol
bla support bul
bre support pic
bud move gal
bul hold
con support bul
den move swe
gre move ser
hel move den
hol support kie
ion move gre
iri move eng
kie move den
lvn move mos
lvp hold
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa
mun move kie
nat move cly
nap hold
pic support bre
rom move tys
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support ukr move mos
spa move por
swe move fin
tus move ven
ukr move mos
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
remove lvn
remove stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
apu move rom
bal move bot
bel support hol
ber move bal
bla convoy ank move rum
bre support pic
bul support ank move rum
cly move edi
con support bul
den support kie
eng move nth
fin move stp
gal support mos move war
gre move ion
hel move den
hol support bel
kie support den
lvp hold
mid move eng
mar move spa
mos move war
nap support apu move rom
pic support bre
por support mar move spa
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support ank move rum
swe support hel move den
tri move ven
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven move adr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move rom
bal move den
bel support hol
bla support rum
bot support den move swe
bre support pic
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre support bud move ser
hel move den
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie move den
lvp support nth move edi
nap support apu move rom
nth move edi
pic support bre
por move spa
rum support bul move ser
sev move mos
spa move gas
stp move mos
swe support hel move den
tus move ven
tys support ion move nap
ven support apu move rom
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
nap move apu
swe move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
remove edi
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support tys move ion
apu move nap
bal move swe
bel support hol
ber move bal
bla support rum
bot support bal move swe
bre support pic
bud support gre move ser
bul move ser
cly move edi
con move bul
gal support bud
gas move mar
gre move ser
hel move den
hol support bel
ion support apu move nap
kie hold
lvp hold
mos move ukr
nap support tys move ion
nth support hel move den
nwy move swe
pic support bre
rom support apu move nap
rum support war move gal
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp move mos
swe move fin
tys move ion
ven support rom
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
ion move tun
nap move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bal move den
bel support hol
bla convoy con move rum
bot support fin move stp
bre move par
bud support ser
bul support rum move ser
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nth
fin move stp
gal move bud
gas support bre move par
hol hold
ion move gre
kie support bal move den
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move war
nap hold
nth support lvp move edi
nwy support den move swe
pic support bel
rom support nap
rum move ser
ser support bud
swe move nwy
tun hold
tys support eas move ion
ukr support con move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nrg
ser move alb
swe move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bal move swe
bel support hol
bla move con
bot support bal move swe
bud support vie
bul move ser
den move nth
gal move vie
gas hold
gre support aeg move ion
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar move pie
nap support tun move ion
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pic hold
rom move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
stp support nrg move nwy
swe hold
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
vie support bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bud move tri
nwy move bar
swe move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bar support ska move nwy
bel support hol
bot support stp
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support swe
gal move war
gas hold
gre support aeg move ion
hel support lon move nth
hol support bel
kie support den
lon move nth
mos support gal move war
nap support tun move ion
nwy support swe
pic support bel
pie move tus
rum support bud move ser
ska move nwy
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie support tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
remove sil
remove ska
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg convoy con move alb
bel support hol
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move ser
con move alb via convoy
den support nwy move nth
edi move yor
gas hold
gre support con move alb
hel move hol
hol support bel
ion convoy con move alb
kie support den
mar support tus move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth support hel move hol
nwy move nth
pic support bel
pie move tyr
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun move tys
tus move pie
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bel move edi
bul support aeg move gre
den move kie
eng convoy pic move wal
gal support rum move bud
gas move spa
gre support aeg move ion
hel move nth
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon support hel move nth
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth convoy bel move edi
nwy move nrg
pic move wal
pie support mun move tyr
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tys move tun
ven move tus
vie support tri move bud
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gre disband
nth move yor
tri move ven
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet smy
remove spa
remove tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move arm
bel support hol
ber move pru
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
eng support yor move lon
gal support bud move vie
gre support ion
hol support bel
ion hold
kie move den
gol hold
mos hold
mun move sil
nap move tys
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
ser move bud
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri support bud move vie
tus support ven
tys move tun
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wal support yor move lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move wal via convoy
boh move mun
bud support vie
bul move rum
den move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
ion move apu
lon support wal move yor
lvn support pru move war
gol hold
mos support gal move war
nrg support den move nth
nwy move stp/nc
pru move war
ser support tri
sil support pru move war
tri support vie
tun hold
tus support ven
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven hold
vie support tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army mun
remove tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu support ion move nap
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud support vie
edi support lvp move yor
eng move mid
gal move war
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move nap
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move yor
gol hold
mar support tyr move pie
mos support gal move war
mun move boh
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil support mun move boh
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move pie
wal support yor move lvp
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi disband
lvp disband
nap move rom
ven move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu support nap
bel hold
bud support gal
eng convoy wal move pic
ion move tun
lvp hold
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
nap hold
nth move eng
pie support tus
sev support mos
tri move tyr
ukr support gal
vie support tri move tyr
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
apu move ion
bel move hol
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud move gal
con move bul
edi move nth
eng hold
gal move war
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus
mos support ukr
mun support boh move tyr
nap support ven move rom
nth move bel
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bur
pie support mar move tus
pru support war
rom hold
sev support mos
sil move gal
smy move aeg
tyr hold
ukr support gal move war
ven move rom
vie support tyr
war support sil move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Austria: fleet/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move rum
rom move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur support hol move bel
con move bul
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move vie
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvn move mos
gol support wes
mid move naf
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth move den
pie support tus move ven
pru move war
rom support ven
rum move gal
sev support mos
stp/nc hold
tun support ion move tys
tus move ven
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ukr support rum move gal
vie support tyr
wal move pic
war move ukr
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den move bal
eng move mid
gal move ukr
ion support tun
lvn move stp
gol support tus
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nap support tys
pic move par
pie support mun move tyr
pru move lvn
rom support ven
rum support ukr
ser move tri
sev support mos
stp/nc move nwy
tus hold
tyr support ven
ukr hold
vie support tyr
war support gal move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
boh support sil move gal
bud support vie
bul move con
bur move mar
gal move ukr
ion support tun
lvn support war move mos
gol support tus
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos hold
naf support wes move tun
nap support tys
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move ven
rom support ven
rum support ukr move gal
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp support war move mos
tri support ven
tun hold
tus support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys hold
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie hold
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mun
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal hold
boh support gal move vie
bud support rum move gal
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move vie
ion support tun
lvn move war
gol support tus
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
mun support tyr
naf support wes move tun
nap support tys
nwy hold
par move gas
pie move ven
rom support ven
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc support gol
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus support pie move ven
tyr support gal move vie
tys hold
ukr support rum move gal
ven hold
vie support rum move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal hold
boh support vie
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur hold
gal support bud move vie
gas hold
ion support tun
gol move tus
mar hold
mos support war
mun move sil
naf move tun
nap support tys
nwy hold
pie support tus move ven
rom support ven
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil move gal
spa/sc move gol
stp support mos
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr support vie
tys hold
ukr support gal
vie support sil move gal
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
boh support sil move gal
bud support gal
bur hold
gas hold
ion support tun
gol move tus
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move sil
naf move tun
nap support tys
nwy hold
pie support tus move ven
rom support ven
rum support gal
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil move gal
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
ukr support gal
vie move tri
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move adr
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
bal move den
boh support sil move gal
bud support gal
bur hold
con move bul
gas hold
ion support tun move tys
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tus move tys
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move sil
naf support wes move tun
nap support tys move rom
nwy hold
pie support ven
rom move apu
rum support gal
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil move gal
stp move mos
tun move tys
tus move tys
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr support gal
ven hold
vie support sil move gal
war support sil move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu support rom
boh support sil move gal
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bul move gre
bur move mar
den hold
gal move ukr
gas move spa
ion support nap move tys
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support gal move ukr
naf move wes
nap move tys
nwy hold
par move gas
pie move ven
rom support nap move tys
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil move gal
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun support gol move tys
tus support ven move rom
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie support sil move gal
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu support rom
boh support vie
bud support rum
den hold
gal move rum
gre move alb
ion support nap move tys
gol support wes move tys
mid move naf
mos support ukr move sev
nap move tys
nwy hold
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom support nap move tys
rum support bud
ser support tri
sev support rum
stp hold
tri support bud
tun support wes move tys
tus support ven move rom
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie support tyr move tri
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb support tri
apu support rom
arm move sev
ber hold
boh move vie
bud support rum
bur hold
den hold
gal support vie move bud
gas hold
ion hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
naf move wes
nap support rom
nwy hold
pie move ven
rum support bud
ser support tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa move mar
stp hold
tun support tys move ion
tus support ven move rom
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb support tri
apu support rom
arm move sev
ber move kie
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur hold
den move nth
gal move boh
gas hold
gol hold
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap support rom
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
rum move bul
ser support tri
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army mun
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb support tri
apu support rom
ber move mun
boh support tyr
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move bel
gas move par
kie move hol
gol support tys
mar move bur
mun move bur
nap support rom
nth convoy nwy move lon
nrg move nat
nwy move lon via convoy
pie move ven
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
ser support tri
sev move arm
spa move gas
tun move ion
tus support ven move rom
tyr support vie
tys support ven move rom
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb support tri
apu support rom
arm move ank
bel move hol
boh support tyr
bud support rum
bul support ser
bur support ruh move bel
gal support rum
gas support mar move bur
hol support ruh move bel
ion hold
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move bur
mun support tyr
nat move lvp
nap support rom
nth move eng
par support mar move bur
pie support ven move tyr
ruh move bel
rum support bud
ser support tri
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tyr support vie
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie support bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Germany: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bur move pic
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
