PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
den hold
gal move bud
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
nap move gre via convoy
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic support yor move bel
ruh support kie move hol
sev support ukr move rum
tri move adr
ukr move rum
ven move apu
vie move bud
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
bel support par move bur
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move ska
edi move nth
gal move boh
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move yor
mar move gol
mun hold
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic support bel
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum support bul move ser
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy move den
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support yor move hol
boh move vie
bot move bal
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move nth
eas move ion
gal move bud
hel support yor move hol
hol support ruh
kie support hol
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar support pic move bur
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move ska
pic move bur
ruh support hol
rum support gal move bud
ser support aeg move gre
sev support rum
tri hold
ven support tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal support swe
bel support hol
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den support kie
edi move nrg
gre support ser move alb
hel move den
hol support bur move ruh
ion move adr
kie support ruh move hol
mun support kie
naf move tun
nap move ion
nth support hel move den
pic move bur
ruh move hol
rum support bud
ser move alb
sev support rum
ska support hel move den
smy move eas
tri support alb move ser
ven support tri
war move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move ion
alb support tri move ser
bal support swe
bel move ruh
bud support ser move tri
bul support rum move ser
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
eas support aeg move ion
gal move rum
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie hold
mar move pie
mun support kie
nth support den
nrg move nwy
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ser move tri
ska support den
tri move ser
tun hold
tys move gol
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
wes support tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion disband
kie move ber
tri disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb move tri
bal support swe
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move mun
den support nwy move swe
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gre move alb
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
lon move yor
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ser
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
ska support nwy move swe
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
ven support alb move tri
vie support bud move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hol
swe disband
ven disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal support ber
ber support kie
bla convoy sev move ank
bul support gre
den support hol move kie
gre support bul
hol move kie
ion support nap
kie hold
mar move spa/sc
mun support hol move kie
nap support ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pie move ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum support ser
ser support tri
sev move ank via convoy
ska support yor move nwy
stp/nc move bar
swe support den
tri support pie move ven
tun hold
tys move rom
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army lon
remove gol
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support ank move con
bul move con
den move bal
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move gol
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie move ven
rum support ser
ser support tri
ska support lon move nwy
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
swe support den move bal
tri support pie move ven
ven support adr move tri
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
bal support swe move bot
ber move kie
bla support con
bot support mos move stp
bul support aeg move con
con support rum move bul
eas move aeg
fin support nwy move stp
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move ber
mos support stp/nc
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pru move lvn
ser support rum move bul
ska move nth
stp/nc move bar
swe move bot
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ven support adr move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army edi
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support bul move con
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
bla support con
bot hold
bul move con
con support rum move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support stp
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvn hold
mos support lvn
nth move eng
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
ska move nth
stp hold
tyr support tri
ven move tri
war support lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support bul move con
arm move smy
bal support stp move lvn
ber support kie move mun
bla support con
bot support stp move lvn
bul move con
con support rum move bul
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gre move bul/sc
kie move mun
mos support lvn
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tyr support tri
ven support adr move tri
war support pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
remove pru
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal convoy fin move pru
ber support kie
bot convoy fin move pru
bre hold
bur move mun
eng convoy lon move bel
fin move pru via convoy
gre support aeg move bul
ion move adr
kie support ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support fin move pru
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth support lon move bel
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
stp support lvn
tys move ion
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bul/sc support gre
con move bul
gre support bul/sc
ion move aeg
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap move ion
ruh move mun
ser support con move bul
sev support mos
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven support adr move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army/dislodged tri
France: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bal move den
ber support kie
bla move con
bot move bal
bul support bla move con
con move smy
eng support iri move mid
gre hold
ion support gre
iri move mid
kie support nth move hol
lvn support pru move war
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth move hol
par move bur
pru move war
ruh move mun
ser support gre
stp move mos
tri hold
ven support tri
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move den
bel move por via convoy
ber support kie move mun
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bur support mun
den move nth
eng convoy bel move por
gre hold
hol move bel
ion support aeg move gre
kie move mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid convoy bel move por
mun hold
stp move mos
tri move ven
tys move wes
ven move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support lon move pic
ber support kie move mun
bre support bur move pic
bud support gal move rum
bur move pic
den move hel
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move rum
gre support ion
ion support gre
kie move mun
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move hol
par support bre
por support mid move spa
spa/sc hold
tri move alb
war support mos move ukr
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bre support bur move pic
bud move ser
bur move pic
eng support iri move mid
gre support ion move aeg
hel convoy lon move kie
hol support bel
ion move aeg
iri move mid
lon move kie via convoy
mid move naf
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support lon move kie
nth convoy lon move kie
par support bre
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum support bud move ser
spa/sc hold
tri move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
war move gal
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ber support mun
bre hold
bur support ruh move mun
eng convoy lon move gas
gal support ukr move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
kie move ruh
lon move gas via convoy
mid convoy lon move gas
mar support spa/sc
mun support kie move ruh
naf support mid
nth support bel
par support bre
pic move bel
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc hold
tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
France: army/dislodged rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move eng
ber move mun
bre hold
bud hold
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur move gas
edi move bel via convoy
eng move iri
gal support rum
gas move spa
hol support edi move bel
mid support gas move spa
mar support spa/sc
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move bel
par support bur move gas
pic support bre
por support gas move spa
ruh support edi move bel
rum hold
ser support bud
sev move arm
spa/sc hold
tri move adr
ven move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
