PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
ber hold
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng convoy wal move bre
ion move tun
mid move bre
mar hold
mun hold
nth move hol
pie hold
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tri move bud
tus move ven
ukr support sev move rum
wal move bre
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla move rum
bre hold
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
den hold
gre support ser move bul
kie move hol
mid hold
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support kie
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev support rum move bla
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri move adr
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bel move hol
ber hold
bla move con
bre hold
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den move hel
gre support ser move bul
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nwy move nrg
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
ska move nth
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri hold
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ank move arm
arm move ank
ber hold
bla convoy rum move con
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support rum move con
con hold
eng move bre
gre move aeg
hel support kie move hol
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move spa
nap hold
nth move yor
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
par move bur
por support mar move spa
ruh move hol
rum move con
swe move den
tri support vie
tyr support boh move mun
vie hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
ank support smy move arm
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
ber support ruh move mun
bla support con move ank
bre move eng
bur move ruh
con move ank
den support mun move kie
edi move lvp
gre move aeg
hel support hol
hol hold
mun move kie
nap move ion
nrg move nwy
por move mid
ruh move mun
smy move arm
spa hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move nap
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove mun
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support smy move con
ank move con
bel move hol
bla support sev move arm
bre move eng
bud support rum
den move kie
edi support nwy move nth
kie hold
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move sev
nap move ion
nwy move nth
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev move arm
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven move tus
vie move tyr
wal move yor
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support bul move con
arm move bla
bel move hol
bla move bul/ec
bud support rum
bul move con
con support bla move bul/ec
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move lon
kie move mun
gol move tys
mar move pie
nap support rom
nth move lon
nwy move swe
rom hold
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
sev move rum
sil move gal
tyr support kie move mun
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
wes move tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Russia: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank support bul/ec move con
bla support sev move rum
bul/ec move con
bud support rum
con move bul
edi move yor
gal support sev move rum
kie move hol
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap hold
nth support kie move hol
rom hold
rum support con move bul
sev move rum
swe move bal
tri move adr
tus move pie
ven support tus move pie
vie hold
wal support edi move yor
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army/dislodged yor
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
hol move bel
pie move tyr
rum move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank support bla move con
bal support sil move ber
bel move hol
bla move con
bre move mid
bul/ec support bla move con
bud support vie move gal
con move bul
eng move lon
gal move bud
hol support nth move bel
mun move ber
nap support rom
nth move bel
pie move tyr
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum support gal move bud
sil move ber
tun move ion
tyr move boh
tys move nap
ukr move gal
ven support pie move tyr
vie move gal
wal support yor move lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bul/ec move bla
bud move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army stp
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con move smy
bal move den
bel support lon move eng
ber move kie
bla move con
bud move ser
bul support aeg move con
con move smy
hol support ber move kie
lon move eng
mos move war
mun hold
nap move tys
rom support nap move tys
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
sev move ukr
stp move nwy
tri support ser move bud
ukr move gal
vie support ser move bud
wal move yor
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bel hold
bla move con
bul move ser
den move nth
eng move bre
gal move bud
hol move ruh
kie support sil move mun
mun move ber
nwy hold
rom hold
rum support gal move bud
sil move mun
smy support bla move con
tri support vie move bud
tys move tun
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
con move bul/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
