PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
gal move vie
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support gal move vie
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support par move bur
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
bot support nwy move swe
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
ion move gre
kie hold
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser support bul move gre
sev support rum move bla
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri move ven
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bla move rum
bot support stp
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move gas
con move ank
den hold
gre hold
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon move nth
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
nth move ska
nwy move swe
pru move war
rom move ven
ser move rum
sev support bla move rum
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move war
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
remove vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bla move rum
bud move vie
bul support gre move ser
con support ank move bla
den hold
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol hold
kie support den
lon move nwy via convoy
mun hold
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie move tus
rum support arm move sev
sev support bla move rum
sil move war
ska support lon move nwy
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move ven
tys move nap
ukr support bla move rum
war move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support fin move stp
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
den hold
fin move stp
hol move ruh
kie move hol
mar move pie
mos support fin move stp
mun hold
nap support tus move rom
nwy move fin
rum support sev move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
ska move swe
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus move rom
ukr support stp move mos
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
stp disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Army par
remove rum
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bar move stp/nc
bel support par move bur
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den hold
edi move nth
fin move swe
hol hold
ion move gre
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move ska
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh hold
ser support bul move gre
sev support ank move rum
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri support ven
tun move ion
ukr hold
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support pie move ven
bal move kie
bel move hol
bur move ruh
den hold
eng move bel
gal support lvn move war
hol hold
ion move eas
lvn move war
mar move bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ber
nth support bel move hol
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum support tri move ser
sil move war
ska support swe move den
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri move ser
tun move ion
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
hol disband
ven move adr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move adr
bal support den move kie
ber move kie
bre move mid
bur move mun
den move kie
eas move smy
edi hold
hol support den move kie
ion support apu move adr
lon hold
mar move pie
mos move war
nth move hel
par move bur
rom support ven
ruh support ber move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move ukr
sil move mun
ska move nth
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tyr move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move adr
bal support pru move ber
ber support ruh move kie
bul support ser move gre
bur move mun
edi move den via convoy
hel support kie
hol move ruh
ion support gre
kie support bur move mun
mid move wes
mar move pie
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
pru move ber
rom support adr move ven
ruh move kie
ser move gre
sil support ber
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove gal
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support pru move ber
bel support hol
ber support ruh move mun
bre move mid
bur move ruh
con move bul/ec
den move swe
hel support kie
hol support bur move ruh
ion move eas
kie support mun
lon hold
mar move pie
mun support pru move ber
nth hold
nwy move ska
par move bur
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil support ruh move mun
ven support mar move pie
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal convoy swe move lvn
bel support hol
ber hold
bud move rum
bul support ser move gre
bur move mun
eas move smy
hel support kie
ion move gre
kie support ber
lon hold
mun move boh
nth hold
pie move tyr
pru support sil move ber
ruh support bur move mun
ser move gre
sil move ber
ska move den
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tus support ven
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal support ber move pru
bel support hol
ber move pru
boh move vie
bul move con
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move den via convoy
hel support den move kie
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move war
mun support pie move tyr
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tus support ven
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move adr
bal move lvn
bel support hol
ber move pru
boh support tyr move vie
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den move kie
edi move den via convoy
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
hol support mun move kie
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon hold
mid move iri
mun move kie
nth convoy edi move den
pru move war
ruh support mun move kie
sil support pru move war
tri support vie
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support ber move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
England: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bel support hol
ber move mun
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul/ec move rum
den support hel move nth
edi move lvp
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion support aeg move gre
iri move wal
lon move wal
lvn move bal
mar move pie
mos support pru move war
mun move ber
nth move nrg
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move war
ruh support kie
ser move bul
sev move arm
tri support bud move vie
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war support sev move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ion move gre
arm move smy
bal support ber move kie
bel move nth
ber move kie
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move ruh
den support ber move kie
eng support bel move nth
gal support vie
gre move bul
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
iri move wal
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvp move wal
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ber
nrg support nth
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
rum move bul/ec
sil support kie move ber
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ser
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: fleet rum
France: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: fleet rum
France: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg support rum move bul
bal support kie move ber
bel support eng move nth
bud support ser move tri
bur move ruh
con support smy move ank
den move kie
edi move cly
eng move nth
gre support rum move bul
hol support ruh move kie
iri move nat
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvp move wal
mun support ruh move kie
nth move hol
nrg support nth
pie move tus
ruh move kie
rum move bul/ec
ser move tri
sil move ber
smy move ank
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ser move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
France: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
France: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support bul/ec move con
ank support con
bal support ber
bel move nth
ber hold
boh support bud move vie
bud move vie
bul/ec move con
cly move lvp
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
gre move bul/sc
hol support ruh move kie
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon hold
lvp move yor
mun support kie move ber
nth move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sil move gal
tri support bud move vie
tus move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
France: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move eng
tri move ser
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
ank move smy
apu move nap
bal move kie
bel support eng move nth
ber support bal move kie
boh move tyr
bud move tri
bul/ec support aeg move con
con support ser move bul
den support bal move kie
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gal support tri move bud
gre support bul/ec
hol support kie
kie support mun
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mun support kie
nth hold
nwy support nth
ruh support kie
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sil move war
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ven move rom
vie support bud move tri
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
