PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi hold
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri support ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
bre move pic
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den support kie move hel
edi move bel via convoy
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh
ion move eas
kie move hel
lon move yor
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy hold
par move bur
por move mid
ruh support mun move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun hold
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel move ruh
bla move sev
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move bel
con move bul
den support hel
eas convoy tun move syr
edi move bel via convoy
fin support swe move nwy
gre support ser move bul
hel support hol
hol support bur move bel
ion convoy tun move syr
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar support par move bur
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh support bur move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev move bla
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move syr via convoy
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove edi
build Army mun
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel support ruh move bur
bla support con move bul
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den support hel move nth
eas support syr move smy
fin move stp
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move nap
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nrg
nwy support hel move nth
pic move bel
rom support ion move nap
ruh move bur
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move syr
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri move ser
tys move nap
ukr move sev
war move ukr
wes move tun
yor move nth
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bar support nrg move nwy
bel move yor via convoy
bud support ser
bul support smy move con
bur hold
con support bla move bul
den support nth
eas support gre move ion
fin support nwy
gre move ion
hol move bel
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nap support gre move ion
nth convoy bel move yor
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pic support bur
rom hold
ruh move bur
ser support bul
sev move arm
smy move con
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bel support ruh
bud move vie
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con support eas move smy
den support nth
eas move smy
fin move swe
ion support nap
lon hold
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ruh
nap support ion
nth support bel
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
rom hold
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser move bul
sev hold
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun support tys
tyr move pie
tys hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support con move smy
bel support ruh
bur support pic move bel
con move smy
den hold
eas move smy
edi support nwy move nrg
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp support nth move edi
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support ruh
nap support ion
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
par support bur
pic move bel
rom hold
ruh support bel
sev move ukr
stp hold
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven support tyr move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi disband
ion move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army ber
remove bla
build Fleet kie
remove nap
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
bel support mun move bur
ber move kie
bud move ser
bul support gre
con move aeg
den move nth
eas move aeg
edi support den move nth
eng move mid
gre support bul
kie move den
lvp move wal
mun move bur
nrg move nat
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh support bel
rum hold
sev move bla
stp move fin
tri move adr
ukr support rum
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support ruh move bur
bla move con
bur move gas
con move aeg
den support edi move nth
eas move aeg
edi move nth
fin move swe
gre support adr move ion
kie move mun
mid move por
nat move mid
nth move eng
pie move tus
rom hold
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move bud
tyr move pie
ukr support rum
ven support tyr move pie
wal move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla move con
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support bel move pic
con move aeg
den support nth
eas move aeg
eng convoy lon move bre
gas move par
gre move ion
ion move apu
kie support mun
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move stp
mid move spa/sc
mun support bur
nth support den
nwy move bre via convoy
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
rum hold
swe move nwy
tus support ven move rom
ukr support rum
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support rom move nap
bla move con
bre move par
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gas support bur move mar
ion support con move aeg
mid convoy nwy move spa
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move spa via convoy
pic support bre move par
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
rum hold
stp move fin
tus move rom
ukr support rum
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove eas
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move aeg
gas move spa
ion move gre
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
nap move rom
par move gas
pie move tyr
rom move tus
spa/sc move por
tri move adr
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
