PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support pie move mar
den move swe
eng support yor move bel
gas move par
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bre
pie move mar
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
tus move pie
ukr move rum
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support lon move pic
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support mar move gas
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move aeg
hol move kie
lon move pic via convoy
mar move gas
mos support sev
nap move ion
nth move nwy
par support bre
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
alb move ion
arm move smy
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support bul
bot move swe
bre support par
bud support ukr move rum
bur move par
con support bul
den move swe
eng support pic move bre
gas support bur move par
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion move tys
mid move nat
mar move spa
mos move war
par support bre
pic move bre
ser move bul
sev move bla
tys move gol
ukr move rum
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
remove pic
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bla support con
bot move swe
bre support lon move pic
bud support rum
bul move con
den move bal
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move bur
gre support bul
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move ber
nat move nrg
par move bur
sev move arm
smy support con
spa move gas
stp move fin
tys move nap
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
arm move bla
bal move ber
bla support con
bre move par
bul move con
con hold
eas support gre move smy
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gas move bur
gre move smy via convoy
iri support eng move mid
kie support bal move ber
gol hold
mid move por
mun support sil move ber
nap move tys
nth move edi
nrg support fin move nwy
par move bur
pic support bre move par
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy support con
spa move mar
swe move den
tyr move mun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nth
smy disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove nrg
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
ber support kie
bla support con move bul
bud move ser
bul support aeg move con
con move bul
den move kie
eas move aeg
edi move nrg
gas support mar move bur
iri move nat
kie support ber
gol move wes
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support sil move ber
nth move den
pic move bel
por hold
rum move gal
sil move ber
smy support aeg move con
tri move vie
tyr move boh
tys support gol move wes
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
bul move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank support con
bal move ber
ber support mun
bla move rum
boh support bur move mun
bud support vie move gal
bul support bla move rum
bur move mun
con support smy move ank
den move swe
gal move boh
gas move bur
gre move bul
kie move mun
mun support ber
nwy support den move swe
por hold
pru move sil
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
smy move ank
tyr support bur move mun
tys hold
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
gal move war
mun move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bla
build Army mos
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
arm move bla
ber support ruh move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bud support gal
bul support ser move rum
bur support mun move ruh
con move ank
kie move den
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nwy move stp
por move spa/nc
ruh move kie
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil support war
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri support vie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie support gal
war support sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
ber support sil
bla move con
boh support bur move mun
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move bla
gal move ukr
kie support ber
mid move iri
mun move kie
pie move tyr
ruh support mun move kie
sev support ukr
sil move mun
smy move arm
spa/nc move gas
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move ser
ukr support war
vie support gal
war support sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support bul move sev
ber support sil
bla convoy bul move sev
boh support mun move sil
bud support gal
bul move sev via convoy
den move kie
gal move ukr
gas move mid
iri move lvp
kie move hol
mid move eng
mos support sev
mun move sil
ruh support kie move hol
rum support bul move sev
ser support rum
sil support ber
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support gal
war support sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber support sil
bla support sev
boh support tyr move mun
bud support gal
con move bul/sc
eng support mid move bre
gal support rum move ukr
hol support mun move kie
kie support ber
lvn support war
lvp hold
mid move bre
mos support ukr
mun move kie
ruh support mun move kie
rum move ukr
ser support rum
sev support rum move ukr
sil support ber
tri support vie
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie support gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support sil
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud support gal
bul/sc move gre
den move kie
eng move lon
gal support ukr move war
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn support war
lvp move cly
mos support war
mun move bur
nap move tys
rom move tus
ruh support tyr move mun
ser move rum
sev move ukr
sil support ber
stp support mos
tri support vie
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support tri
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support sil
bla support sev
boh move sil
bud support gal
bur move par
cly move edi
den move kie
eng move bel
gal support ukr move war
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn support war
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
ruh support eng move bel
rum support sev move ukr
sev move mos
sil support ber
stp support mos
tri support vie
tus hold
tyr hold
tys hold
ukr move war
vie support gal
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army/dislodged bel
Italy: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove den
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber support mun move sil
boh support mun move sil
bud support vie
edi move nrg
gal move war
hol move kie
lon move nth
lvn support mos
mos support war
mun move sil
nap move apu
par move bre
pru support sil
rom move nap
ruh hold
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil support pru
stp support mos
tri support vie
tus move rom
tyr hold
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr
vie support tri
war support sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm support sev
ber support sil move pru
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move nwy via convoy
bud support tri
eng convoy bre move nwy
gal support ukr move war
gre move ion
ion move eas
kie move den
lvn support pru
mos support war
nap move ion
nth convoy bre move nwy
nrg support bre move nwy
pru support war
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil move pru
stp support mos
tri support vie
tyr hold
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie support tri
war support pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
