PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot support lvn move swe
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
lvn move swe via convoy
mar move spa
mun move sil
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
ukr move sev
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel support bre move eng
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move den
lvn move war
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
sil move war
spa move por
swe move nwy
ukr move mos
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
bla move rum
bot support lvn move swe
con move bul
den move nth
eas convoy tun move syr
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
ion convoy tun move syr
kie move den
lvn move swe via convoy
mun move ruh
nth move lon
nwy support den move nth
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
sil move war
stp/nc hold
tri move vie
tun move syr via convoy
ukr move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move pru
bla move rum
bud support rum
con move bul
den move swe
eas support syr move smy
edi hold
eng move wal
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
ion move aeg
kie move hel
lon move wal
lvn hold
gol move wes
mar move gol
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev support bla move rum
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
syr move smy
tri move alb
ukr hold
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move eng
bla move sev
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul
eas move smy
edi hold
eng move iri
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
hel support nth
ion move tun
lon hold
lvn support ukr move mos
gol move tys
mun move tyr
nth support swe move nwy
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy hold
pru move lvn
rum support gal move ukr
sev move mos
smy move ank
spa move tun via convoy
swe move nwy
ukr move mos
war support pru move lvn
wes convoy spa move tun
yor support edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvn disband
nwy move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy move con
bar move nwy
bla support con move ank
bud move vie
bul support aeg move con
con move ank
edi hold
eng support nth move lon
gre move aeg
hel move nth
ion move tun
iri move lvp
lon hold
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move bel
nrg move nat
nwy support lvn move stp
rom support nap move tys
rum move sev
smy move con
spa move naf via convoy
tri hold
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
wes convoy spa move naf
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Italy: army/dislodged ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
tys move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel support nth move eng
bla move rum
bul support con
con support arm move ank
edi hold
eng support lon move nth
ion move tun
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvn hold
gol convoy naf move mar
mar move gas
mos support sev
naf move mar via convoy
nat move mid
nth move eng
nwy support stp
sev support mos
stp support nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
wes convoy naf move mar
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber move sil
boh move sil
bre support iri move eng
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bla
eng support nat move mid
gas move par
gre move bul/sc
iri move eng
lon hold
lvp hold
gol support mar
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move bur
nat move mid
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom move tys
rum move bla
sev support mos
stp hold
tun move wes
tyr move tri
tys move gol
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move bel
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul/sc support con
bur move par
edi hold
eng move bel
gal support mos move war
gas move par
lon hold
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
mos move war
mun support ber move sil
nth support lon move eng
rom move tys
rum move ukr
sev move mos
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ukr move war
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove den
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur move par
con move bla
edi hold
gal move war
gas move bre
lon hold
lvp hold
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move bur
mun move boh
nth move hol
pic move bre
pie move tyr
por support wes move spa
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev support war move mos
sil support ukr move war
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bur support tyr move mun
edi move nrg
gal move war
gas move mar
lon hold
lvp move edi
gol support spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mos support gal move war
mun support sil
nth move hol
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army ber
remove bur
build Army rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
bla support con
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
gal support mun move sil
gas support por move spa
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid support por move spa
mos support war
mun move sil
nth move nwy
par move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
ruh support ber move mun
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support ukr move gal
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
edi hold
eng move iri
gal move sil
gas move bre
lon hold
gol convoy tus move spa
mid support gas move bre
mar support tus move spa
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
nrg move nth
nwy move nth
pie support gas move mar
ruh move bel
rum move bul
sil move ber
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tus move spa
tyr move mun
ukr move war
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army kie
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh support mun
bul support con
edi move lvp
gal move sil
iri move lvp
kie support ber move mun
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
par move bre
pie move tyr
por move mid
rom move tus
sil move gal
spa move gas
stp move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support mun
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support pru move sil
boh support mun
bre move par
bul move rum
con hold
edi move lvp
eng move bel
gas move par
gre hold
iri move wal
kie move mun
lon hold
lvn move stp
mid move por
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie move tyr
pru move sil
ruh move bel
sev move bla
sil support mun
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
tri support tyr
tus support ven
tyr support mun
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sil move war
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove mid
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla convoy rum move arm
boh support mun
bre hold
con move smy
eng move lon
fin support stp move nwy
gas move par
gre hold
kie move ber
lon hold
lvp hold
mun support vie move tyr
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
pie support ven move tyr
pru move ber
ruh move bur
rum move arm via convoy
sil move gal
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tus move pie
tyr move ven
ven support tus move pie
vie move tyr
wal support eng move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lon move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber move mun
bla support arm move ank
boh move sil
bre move par
bur support bre move par
con move smy
edi hold
fin move swe
gal move vie
kie support ber move mun
lvp support nrg move edi
mun support pru move ber
nth move hol
nrg move edi
nwy support fin move swe
pie support tus move ven
pru move ber
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move rom
wal move lvp
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Italy: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove nrg
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
ber support hol move kie
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bud move vie
bur move mar
con move smy
edi move cly
hol move kie
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvp hold
mun support kie
par move gas
pie support bur move mar
rom support ven
sil move mun
swe move den
tri support bud move vie
tyr support sil move mun
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
mun move bur
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur move mun
cly support wal move lvp
eng move bre
gas move spa
kie hold
lvp move edi
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh move hol
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move rom
wal move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
