PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move ukr
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
lvn move war
mid move por
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sil move ber
spa move mar
tys move tun
ven move tus
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre move pic
bud support vie move gal
bul hold
bur move mun
gre move ion
hol move kie
kie move ber
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move ska
pie support tus
por move mid
rom move tys
rum support ukr
ser support rum
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe move bal
tun move wes
tus support pie
ukr hold
vie move gal
war support mos move ukr
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bal support ber
bel hold
ber support den move kie
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move kie
gal support ukr move war
hol support bel
ion hold
kie move mun
lon move nth
gol move wes
mid support gol move wes
mar move spa
mos support sev move ukr
mun move sil
nth move hel
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move ukr
ska support den
stp move lvn
tus support pie
tys support wes move gol
ukr move war
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove ber
build Army bud
remove hol
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bla support sev
bud support gal
bur move mar
gal support war
hel move hol
ion move tun
kie support hel move hol
lvn support mos
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mos support pru move war
mun move ber
nth support pic move bel
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support mun move ber
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tys support wes move gol
ukr move gal
vie move boh
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber support sil move mun
bla support sev
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
den move bal
gal support war
hol support kie
kie hold
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos
gol move mar
mos support pru move war
nth convoy lon move den
pie support gol move mar
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move mun
spa move mar
tun move wes
tus support pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr move gal
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
build Army stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy den move pru
bel move eng
ber hold
bla support sev
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move pru via convoy
edi move den via convoy
gal move war
hol support kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support war
mid support spa
mar support wes move spa
mos support war
mun support ber
nth convoy edi move den
pie support mar
rom move tys
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
stp support mos
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
bla support sev
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move kie
eng move mid
gal support war
gas support spa
hol support den move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support mos
gol support mar
mid move naf
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun move bur
pie support mar
pru support kie move ber
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil move pru
spa support bur move mar
stp support mos
tus move tun via convoy
tyr support mun
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
bla support sev
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move kie
eng move mid
gal support war
gas support spa
hol support den move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn support mos
gol move wes
mid move por
mar move gol
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
nth support lon
pie move mar
pru support kie move ber
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil move pru
spa hold
stp support mos
tun support wes move naf
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber support ruh move kie
bla support sev
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move kie
gal move war
gas support mid
hol support den move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos
gol support wes move spa
mos support lvn
mun support ruh move kie
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move den
pie move mar
por support spa
pru support kie move ber
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil move pru
stp support mos
tun support naf
tys support gol
ukr move mos
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
bel move pic
bla support sev
boh support sil move mun
bul move rum
den move kie
gal support war
gas support spa
hol support den move kie
ion hold
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa
mar support mun move bur
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
por support mid
pru hold
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil move mun
spa support gas
stp support mos
tys support gol
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
bel move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bla support sev
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur move gas
gal support boh move sil
gas move mid
hol move hel
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie move mun
lvn support mos
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mar support gol move spa
mos support lvn
mun move kie
naf move mid
pic move par
por support spa
pru hold
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
spa support gas
stp support mos
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
war move pru
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber support mun move sil
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bul move rum
bur support sil move mun
gas support por move spa
hel move kie
lon move eng
lvn support mos
gol move spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun move sil
naf support wes move mid
nth move bel
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru hold
ruh support nth move bel
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp support mos
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven move pie
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel move nth
ber move kie
boh support gal move sil
bur move gas
con move aeg
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas move spa/nc
kie move bal
lvn support mos
gol support spa/sc
mid move por
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move nrg
par move bre
pie move mar
por support gas move spa
pru support war move lvn
ruh move bel
rum move gal
sev move mos
spa/sc support mid move por
stp support mos
tyr support mun
ukr support war
war hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
remove por
remove stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
boh move mun
bur support mar move gas
eng move bre
gal hold
gas move bre
iri move nat
lvn support mos
lvp move cly
gol support tun move spa
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun move ber
nat move cly
nrg move nth
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
sev move mos
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move spa via convoy
tyr hold
ukr support sev move mos
war support sev move mos
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber support mun move kie
bre support mid move eng
bur support gas move par
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas move par
ion move tys
kie support pru move ber
lvn move mos
gol hold
mid support bre move eng
mar support bur
mos hold
mun move kie
nat move iri
nth support nwy move nrg
nrg move nth
nwy move nrg
par move pic
por support spa
pru move ber
sil move pru
spa support por
stp support lvn move mos
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
war support sil move pru
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nrg move bar
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army con
remove lvn
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move eng
bur support par move pic
con move bul
eng move bre
iri support nrg move nat
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid support nat move iri
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat move iri
nrg move nat
par move pic
por support gol move spa
pru move lvn
rom move tys
sil move pru
spa move gas
tri move ser
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie hold
war support pru move lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
iri move wal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel hold
ber hold
bre support iri move eng
bul move rum
bur move bel
edi move hol via convoy
eng support lvp move iri
gas move bur
iri move eng
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
gol hold
mid support iri move eng
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move kie
nat support lvp move iri
nth convoy edi move hol
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
por support mid
pru support sil move ber
ruh move hol
sil move ber
stp move mos
ukr move mos
vie move boh
wal support lvp move iri
war support pru
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move lon
stp move nwy
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove nat
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal convoy ber move swe
bel support ruh move hol
ber move swe via convoy
boh move mun
bre support wes move mid
bur move mar
eng move pic
gas move bur
iri support wal move eng
kie support sil move ber
lon support wal move eng
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy mar move rom
mid move nat
mar move rom via convoy
mos move stp
nth support wal move eng
nwy move fin
pic move par
por support spa/sc
pru support sil move ber
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser hold
sil move ber
spa/sc support por
stp move fin
tys convoy mar move rom
vie move boh
wal move eng
war support pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move bot
bel hold
ber support kie
boh move sil
bre move eng
bur move par
edi move cly
eng support iri
hol support bel
iri hold
kie hold
lon support eng
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support kie
nat move nrg
nth move hol
nwy support swe move fin
par support pic
pic support bre move eng
por move spa/nc
pru support ber
rom move tus
ser hold
spa/sc move mar
stp move fin
tys move gol
ukr move mos
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
remove eng
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber hold
bre support pic move eng
bur move pic
fin support stp move nwy
hol support bel
iri move lvp
kie hold
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nat move lvp
nth move edi
nrg support stp move nwy
nwy support swe
par support bur move pic
pic move eng
por move mid
pru move lvn
ser hold
sev hold
sil support war
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move alb
tus hold
vie hold
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
ber hold
bre hold
cly hold
den hold
edi hold
eng convoy pic move wal
fin move swe
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move mos
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun hold
nat support mid move iri
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
pic move wal via convoy
por move spa/nc
ser hold
sev hold
sil support war
spa/sc move mar
stp move fin
swe support den
vie move gal
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove den
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel hold
ber hold
bre move eng
cly support edi
con hold
edi hold
eng move wal
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre hold
hol support bel
iri support wal move lvp
kie hold
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mid hold
mar move gol
mos hold
mun hold
nat move cly
nth move edi
nwy hold
pic move par
ser hold
sev hold
sil hold
spa/nc move gas
stp hold
swe move den
tus move rom
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel hold
ber hold
bud hold
cly support lvp
con hold
den hold
edi support lon move yor
eng move lon
gre hold
hol hold
iri support wal move lvp
kie hold
lon move yor
lvp support cly
mid hold
mos hold
mun hold
nat support wal move lvp
nth support wal move lon
nwy hold
par move pic
ser hold
sev hold
sil hold
stp hold
swe support den
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
