PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move eng
con move bul
edi move yor
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con via convoy
stp/sc hold
ven move pie
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
eng move iri
hol move hel
ion move gre
kie move ruh
mun move bur
pie move mar
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bur support pie move mar
gre support bla move bul
iri move mid
mar move gas
pic move par
pie move mar
rom move tys
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla support rum move bul
bur support mar move gas
gas support par
gre move bul/sc
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
par hold
ruh move bur
rum move bul
tys move tun
ven move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla support bul move con
bul move con
bur support mar move gas
eng move bel
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
hel move hol
lon move bel
mar move gas
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par support gas
ruh move bel
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla move ank
bul/sc hold
bur support gas move par
con support bla move ank
gas move bre
hol hold
ion move aeg
par move gas
ruh move bel
spa move mar
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move pic
ber move pru
bre move par
bur move mun
con move smy
gas move bur
hol move hel
kie move den
mid move spa/nc
mar support gas move bur
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev move bla
tri move bud
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move alb via convoy
bud hold
bul/sc hold
bur support mar
con move smy
den move ska
gal move sil
hel move nth
ion convoy apu move alb
mar support bur
mun move bur
par hold
pic move bur
pie move mar
pru move war
spa/nc hold
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
alb move ser
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
ion move eas
mar move gas
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth support ska move nwy
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move tyr
pru move sil
rom move tys
ska move nwy
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
eas move smy
gal support pru move war
ion move eas
mar move bur
mun move sil
nth move ska
nwy hold
par move bre
pru move sil
ser support bud move rum
spa/nc hold
tri move bud
tyr move vie
tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move sil
bre move par
bud move rum
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
eas hold
gal move ukr
gol support bur move mar
mar hold
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser support con move bul
ska move den
smy move con
spa/nc move por
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mar disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
con support bul/ec move bla
den hold
eas convoy nap move syr
gal support sil move war
ion convoy nap move syr
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move boh
nap move syr via convoy
par move bre
pie hold
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
swe hold
tys move wes
ukr move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
