PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move apu
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
ank move con
apu hold
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support bla move rum
con move aeg
den move swe
gas move bur
ion convoy nap move tun
lvn support ukr move war
mid move spa/sc
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pru move war
ser support bud move rum
sil support pru move war
spa move por
ukr move war
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
apu move ven
bel move hol
bla move con
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nth
ion move adr
kie move bal
lon hold
lvn move war
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa
pru support sil move war
ser support alb move gre
sil move war
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
ukr move gal
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg convoy smy move gre
bal support den move swe
bre move pic
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur hold
con support bul
den move swe
eas support aeg
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion convoy tun move alb
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move war
mar move spa/sc
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move swe
pru move war
ruh move mun
ser move bul
smy move gre
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
tun move alb
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
remove smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move lvn
bel support hol
bot move stp/sc
bud support tri
bul hold
bur move mun
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
gas move bur
gre hold
hol support bel
kie support nth move den
lon move eng
lvn move war
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth move den
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pru move war
rum move ukr
ser support gre
sev move mos
spa/sc move mid
swe move bot
tri hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support bul
alb support adr move tri
bal move lvn
bel hold
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud move tri
bul hold
den support swe
eas move ion
eng support iri
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion move nap
iri support eng
kie move bal
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mos support bot move stp
mun move tyr
pru move war
ser move bul
sev support lvn move mos
sil move ber
stp/sc move bot
swe support kie move bal
tri support vie move tyr
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
remove pru
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bal support den move kie
bel support kie move ruh
ber move mun
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
den move kie
edi move yor
eng support iri move mid
gre move alb
ion support nap move tys
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nap move tys
rom move nap
ser support gre move alb
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
vie support bud move tri
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move tri
bal move ber
bel move pic
bot convoy lvn move fin
bre support wes move mid
bud move tri
bul support gre
eas move ion
eng support mid move bre
gre support bul
ion move nap
kie support bal move ber
lvn move fin via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nth convoy yor move hol
ruh move bur
ser support alb move tri
swe hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys support ion move nap
ukr support rum
vie support alb move tri
war move sil
wes move mid
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
nap move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
ber support kie
bot move swe
bre hold
bul support rum
bur move par
edi move bel via convoy
eng support bre
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gas support spa/sc move mid
gre support bul
hol move ruh
ion move apu
kie support ber
lvp move iri
mid move nat
mun move ber
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move bel
pic support ruh move bur
rom support apu move nap
ruh move bur
rum support bul
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tyr move pie
tys support nap move rom
ukr move gal
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bot move swe
bre support iri move mid
bud move vie
bur move par
eng support bre
fin support nwy
gal move bud
gas support mid move bre
gre support bul
iri move mid
kie support ber
mid move bre
mun move ber
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nth support swe move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
par support mid move bre
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
rom support apu move nap
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser move tri
sil support mun move ber
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tus move gol
tys move wes
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
swe move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
remove eng
remove ion
remove gol
build Army mos
remove pic
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
bre support par move gas
bud support war move gal
bul hold
bur move mar
den move nth
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gas move spa/nc
gre move alb
kie move den
lvp move wal
mid support mar move spa
mar support gas move spa
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move nrg
nwy move nrg
par move gas
por support gas move spa
rom move tys
ruh move mun
ser support bud
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move ser
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
apu move ven
ber support kie
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
den move swe
fin move swe
gal support bud move vie
gas support bur move mar
kie support ber
lvn move pru
gol support mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/nc
mun hold
nth move lon
nwy move nth
por support spa/nc
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser move tri
sil support mun
spa/nc support por
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
tri support vie
tys move wes
ven support tri
vie support tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu support tri move ven
bal support mun move kie
bar move nrg
ber support den move bal
bur support ruh move mun
den move bal
eng move lon
fin move swe
gal move boh
gas move spa
gre hold
ion move tun
kie support ber
gol support mar
mid support gas move spa
mar support spa/nc
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nwy move ska
por support spa/nc
pru move ber
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
spa/nc support por
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Russia: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
ven disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move kie
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur move ruh
den hold
eng move lon
gas hold
gre move aeg
kie support den
gol support mar
mid move nat
mar support spa/nc
mun move ber
nth support den
nrg move nth
por support spa/nc
sil support boh move mun
ska move den
spa/nc support por
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
wal move lvp
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bur support ruh move mun
den hold
gas support bur
ion support smy move aeg
kie support den
lon move wal
lvp hold
gol support mar
mar support spa/nc
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nth support den
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
por move mid
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sil move mun
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa/nc support por move mid
stp/nc move bar
swe support ska move den
tyr support sil move mun
ven move pie
war move pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg disband
den move hel
kie move hol
nth move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie
bar support nwy move nrg
bur support gas move mar
den support kie
edi move nth
gas move mar
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion move adr
lvp hold
gol support mar
mar support spa/nc move gas
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nth move edi
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move nrg
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support hel move kie
sil support tyr move mun
spa/nc move gas
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move gal
wal move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army/dislodged gas
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nrg move nat
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove nat
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bal move kie
bar move nrg
bel move eng
ber support bal move kie
bur support ruh
den support nth move hel
edi hold
gal move boh
gas move bre
hel support lon move nth
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move nth
gol support tun move wes
mid move por
mar support mun move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move hel
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
pie support mar
ruh move hol
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move nwy
tun move wes
tyr support sil move mun
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move con
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre hold
bur move pic
den support hel move nth
edi support nth
eng move bre
hel move nth
hol hold
kie move hol
mid support bre
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
nat support nrg
nth support hol
nrg support hel move nth
nwy support hel move nth
par support eng move bre
pie support mar
por support mid
pru move ber
ruh support kie move hol
spa/sc support mar
tun move naf
tyr support pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army/dislodged hol
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move bel
nth move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove ber
remove eng
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
bre support mar move gas
bur support pic
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move cly
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move wal
gol hold
mid hold
mar move gas
mun support bur
naf support mid
nat move iri
nth move eng
nrg support den move nth
nwy support den move nth
par move gas
pic support bur
por support mid
ruh support hol move bel
smy move eas
spa/sc hold
swe move den
ven move adr
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
bel support nth
bur support gas move par
cly support wal move lvp
con move bul/ec
den move yor via convoy
eng support iri
gas move par
iri support lvp
gol move mar
mid move gas
mun support bur
naf move mid
nth convoy den move yor
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
par hold
pic support bre
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
wal move lvp
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support eng
bul/ec move rum
bur support mar
con move aeg
eas move ion
eng support iri
gas hold
hol move lon via convoy
ion move tys
iri support lvp
gol support por move spa
mid support gas
mun support bur
nth convoy hol move lon
nrg support nat
par support bre
pic support bre
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support bur
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
tri move adr
tyr move boh
yor support hol move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg hold
arm move sev
bel support eng
boh move gal
bre hold
bur support mar
cly move edi
eas hold
eng support iri
gas support mid
ion move tys
iri support lvp
lvp hold
mid support gas
mar hold
mun support bur
nth support yor move edi
nrg support nat
par support bre
pic support bre
pie support mar
ruh support bur
rum hold
spa/sc support mid
tys move tus
ukr move mos
wal move eng
wes support mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove cly
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
remove wal
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support eng
bur move gas
con move bul/ec
eas move aeg
edi move cly
eng support lon move wal
gas move bre
ion move eas
iri support lon move wal
lon move wal
gol support tus move pie
mid support gas move bre
mar support pie
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nat support iri
nth support eng
nrg support nat
par support bre
pic support ruh move bur
pie support mar
ruh move bur
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
smy move con
spa/sc support mid
tus move pie
tys hold
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support pic
bre hold
bul/ec move rum
bur support par
cly move lvp
con move bul/ec
eas move aeg
eng support iri
gal move ukr
gas move bre
ion move adr
iri support nat
gol move mar
mid support gas move bre
mar support pie
mun move boh
nat support iri
nth support eng
nrg move bar
par support bre
pic support gas move bre
pie move tyr
ruh support bur
rum move sev
sev move arm
spa/sc support gol move mar
tus move pie
ukr move mos
wal support cly move lvp
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Turkey: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gas
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gas
bel move nth
boh move gal
bre support con move gas
bur support pic
con move gas via convoy
eng convoy wal move bel
ion convoy con move gas
iri support eng
lvp move yor
mid convoy con move gas
nth move nrg
par hold
pic support par
ruh move mun
smy move eas
tyr move vie
tys convoy con move gas
wal move bel via convoy
wes convoy con move gas
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg convoy stp move syr
arm move ank
bel support pic
bul/ec move rum
bur support gas move par
eas convoy stp move syr
gas move par
ion convoy stp move syr
iri support eng
mid convoy stp move syr
mar move spa/sc
mun support bur
nth support eng
par hold
pie move mar
rum move sev
sev move arm
spa/sc move por
tys convoy stp move syr
wes convoy stp move syr
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy stp move syr
bar convoy stp move syr
bel support pic
bur support pic
eas convoy stp move syr
eng convoy stp move syr
ion convoy stp move syr
iri convoy stp move syr
mid convoy stp move syr
mun move tyr
nat convoy stp move syr
nth support eng
nrg convoy stp move syr
stp move syr via convoy
tys convoy stp move syr
wes convoy stp move syr
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support pic
con move bul/ec
eas move smy
ion move nap
mid move gas
nth support eng
sev support rum
tys move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
