PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move ser
eng move bre
gas move mar
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move wes
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support bud move ser
sev hold
spa support gas move mar
stp move nwy
tys move tun
ven move pie
war move ukr
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support bul
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul hold
con move aeg
den move kie
ion move gre
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support rum
sev hold
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr move war
ven hold
wes move gol
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb support gre
arm move ank
bla support bul
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move gas
eng move mid
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol move hel
kie move mun
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun move bur
nwy hold
pic move par
pie move mar
por hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
swe support nwy
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes support tys move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
gol move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bla move arm
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move mar
eng move nth
gas support bur move mar
gre move aeg
kie move hol
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move sev
nth move nrg
nwy hold
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move arm
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tri move adr
tus move rom
ven move rom
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
bla move arm
bot move bal
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move mar
edi move nwy
gas move spa
ion move gre
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
nwy hold
par move pic
pie move tus
por support mar move spa
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move bla
ska support nwy
tus move rom
ven move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move swe
bla move ank
bud support tri
bul support smy move con
bur move mar
den move bal
edi move nwy
gas support bur move mar
hel move den
hol move kie
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move ven
por support mar move spa
rum hold
ser move gre
ska support nwy
smy move con
stp support nwy
tri hold
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven move rom
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
bal move den
bel move pic
bud move gal
bul move con
con move bla
den move hel
edi move nwy
gre hold
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
nwy hold
pie move ven
por support spa
rum hold
ska support nwy
spa support por
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move rom
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
remove ion
build Fleet kie
build Army sev
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
edi move nwy
fin support swe move nwy
gal move sil
gas support mar
gre move bul
hel move hol
hol move bel
kie move hel
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pic hold
pie move mar
por support spa
sev hold
ska support swe move nwy
spa support por
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move eng
ber move pru
bla support rum move sev
boh move mun
bul move con
con move smy
den support hel move nth
fin support swe move nwy
gal support sil move war
gas support mar
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move adr
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nth support nat move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support spa
rum move sev
sev hold
sil move war
ska support swe move nwy
spa support por
swe move nwy
ven move pie
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
sev move mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove bar
build Army bud
remove fin
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
bud move gal
con move bul
den move bal
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move ukr
gas move par
kie move hol
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos support lvn move war
mun move ber
nth move bel
nrg move nth
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
por support spa
pru support lvn move war
ruh move bur
sev move mos
ska move nwy
smy move arm
spa support por
stp support mos
tri move tyr
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support pru move ber
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move wal
bul move ser
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move war
gas move bre
hol move kie
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos hold
nth support lon
nrg move nat
nwy hold
par move pic
por support spa
pru move ber
ruh support ber move kie
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
spa support por
stp support mos
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove nat
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move kie
bel support hol
ber support bal move kie
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move gal
edi move den
hol support bal move kie
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move war
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support lvn move war
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
nwy hold
pic move bur
por support spa
rom move ven
ruh move hol
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa support por
stp support mos
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel hold
ber support kie
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur move ruh
con move aeg
edi move den
eng support ruh move bel
gal move war
hol support kie
kie support ber
lvn support mos
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos hold
mun support boh move sil
nth convoy edi move den
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
sev support war move mos
stp support mos
tri move adr
tys move wes
ukr support war move mos
ven move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
bre support wes move mid
bur move mun
eng convoy lon move bel
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move bel
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun support sil move ber
nap move tys
nth support lon move bel
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh move kie
sev support mos
sil move ber
stp move fin
ukr move war
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move sil
bur move par
den move swe
eng support bel
fin support stp
hol support pic move bel
ion move tys
kie support hol
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth support bel
nwy hold
pic move bel
por hold
pru move ber
ruh support ber move kie
sev move ukr
stp hold
tri move adr
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet lon
remove par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
den support hol move kie
eng support bel
gas move par
hol move kie
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
mid move por
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
por move spa
pru move ber
ruh support kie move hol
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa support mid move por
stp support nwy
swe support nth move nwy
ukr move war
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nwy disband
stp disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel hold
ber move kie
den move swe
eng support bel
hol support pic move bel
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn support stp
mid hold
mar move bur
nap move tys
nth move den
pic move bel
por hold
ruh support kie move hol
sil move ber
spa move gas
swe support nth move den
tri move alb
tys move wes
ukr move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
hol move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
