PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move rum
edi move nwy
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
nap move apu
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par hold
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser move gre
spa hold
stp move mos
tri hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move iri
gal support rum
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon move wal
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth hold
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
ruh support hol move bel
rum support mos move sev
sev support bul move rum
spa move por
tri support bud move ser
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
bla support sev
bul move rum
con move bul
den move hel
gal support rum
gre move bul
hel move hol
ion move aeg
iri move mid
mid move wes
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser support gre move bul
stp hold
tri hold
ukr move sev
wal move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move smy
bel move ruh
bla support sev move rum
bre hold
bud hold
bul move con
bur move gas
gal support rum
hel move hol
hol move bel
lon move nth
lvp move nat
mid convoy por move gas
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nwy move bar
par hold
pic move bre
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
ska move swe
tri support vie move tyr
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move con
arm support smy
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
bla support ank move con
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move par
con move smy
gal move ukr
gas support bur move par
hol move kie
mid convoy por move gas
mos support sev
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
pic support bur move par
ruh move bur
rum move bla
smy support ank move con
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ber move kie
bre move par
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mar
eng support pic move bre
gas support bur move mar
kie move hol
lvn move war
gol move mar
mid convoy por move gas
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rum move bla
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
tri move ven
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal hold
bar convoy edi move stp
bla move ank
boh move sil
con support aeg move smy
edi move stp
eng move mid
gas move spa
hol move bel
lvn move war
gol move mar
mid convoy por move bre
mar support gas move spa
mos support ukr move war
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy move ska
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move arm
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
remove gol
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud move tri
bur move mun
con hold
eng move mid
gal hold
kie move den
lvn support stp move mos
mid move por
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun move ber
nap move rom
nrg move nat
rom move ven
sev support mos
sil move pru
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move adr
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
bal move pru
bel move eng
ber hold
boh support tri move tyr
eng move mid
kie support ber
lvn support stp move mos
mid move por
mos support war move lvn
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tus
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
spa hold
stp move mos
tri move tyr
ven support rom move tus
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bal move pru
bar move nrg
ber hold
boh move mun
bre move pic
den move nth
eng move mid
gal move boh
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn support bal move pru
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nrg move nth
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support boh move mun
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move adr
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move war
ven support tus move pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move pru
bar move nrg
ber support bal move pru
boh move sil
bur support ruh move mun
den move hel
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn support bal move pru
mid support spa move por
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nrg move nat
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move ber
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move ber
ska move swe
spa move por
stp move mos
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr move war
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn
bel move hol
ber support ruh move mun
bur support ruh move mun
hel support kie
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn support stp move mos
mid move naf
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun support pru move ber
nat move mid
por move spa
pru support sil move ber
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move ber
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri move adr
tun move naf
tys move gol
ukr support war
ven move tus
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support lvn
ber move sil
boh move mun
bot support lvn
bur support mun
hol move ruh
kie support ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move naf
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
nat move iri
nrg move nth
pie move mar
pru move ber
sev support mos
sil support boh move mun
spa support mar
stp move mos
tun support tys move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move tri
war move lvn
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Germany: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
bur support mun
hel move hol
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support ber move pru
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mos support war move lvn
naf support mid move wes
nth hold
pie move mar
pru support war move lvn
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa support mar
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr move war
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
bur support ruh move mun
gas move mar
hol move bel
iri move mid
lvn support pru move war
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun move sil
naf move tun
pie support mar
pru support mun move sil
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa support gas move mar
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support war
war move lvn
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
bel move eng
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
bur move mar
gal move sil
gas support spa
iri move mid
lvn support pru move war
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar hold
mos support war
naf move mid
nth hold
pie support mar
pru move war
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support war
war support mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber move kie
boh support gal move sil
bot support lvn
bud move gal
bur support gas move mar
con hold
eng move mid
gal move sil
gas move mar
iri support eng move mid
lvn support pru move war
gol support mar move spa
mid move por
mar move spa
mos support war
mun hold
nth move nrg
pie move mar
por support eng move mid
pru move war
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
spa support gas move mar
stp move mos
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Austria: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move bre
sil move pru
spa move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
bre support naf move mid
bur support mar
con move ank
gal move war
gas support por move spa/sc
iri move eng
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid support por move spa/sc
mar support por move spa/sc
mun hold
naf move mid
nrg move nth
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support war
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support gal move war
spa support pie move mar
stp move mos
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
vie move bud
war support stp move mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bud move rum
bur support mar
eng move bre
gal move war
gas support spa/sc
lvn support war
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos support ukr
mun hold
nth move eng
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move sil
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
war support pru move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
remove sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber support pru move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mar
eng move bre
gal support sil move war
gas support spa/sc
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn support stp move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move iri
mar support spa/sc
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move sil
ruh support mun
sil move war
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
war support stp move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
ber move sil
boh move mun
bre support mid move eng
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal support war
gas support eng move bre
hol move bel
iri move lvp
lvn support sil move war
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nth move eng
nrg move cly
nwy move nth
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support sil move war
ruh support mun
sil move war
spa/sc move gol
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support arm move sev
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
Austria: fleet/dislodged bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support nth move eng
boh hold
bre move pic
bud support gal
bur support bre move pic
cly move lvp
edi support cly move lvp
gal hold
gas support mar
ion move tun
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid support pic move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move sil
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
spa/sc hold
tri move adr
tyr hold
ven support tyr
war support pru move sil
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Austria: fleet/dislodged lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move wal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move pic
boh hold
bre support bel move pic
bud move gal
bur support bel move pic
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal move war
gas support mar
lvn support mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move iri
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
mun support boh
nrg move nat
pic move bre
por support spa/sc
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil support war
spa/sc hold
tun move wes
tyr move boh
ukr support gal move war
vie support tyr move boh
wal move lon
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh hold
bre support nat move mid
bur support mar
eng support lon move wal
gal support vie move boh
gas support spa/sc
ion move tys
iri support mid move nat
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvn support mos
lvp support lon move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
mun support boh
nat move mid
pic support eng
por support nat move mid
sil support war
tri move adr
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move war
wal support mid move eng
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid move naf
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur support mar
eng move wal
gal move war
gas support por move spa/sc
lvn move mos
lvp support wal move iri
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support boh move tyr
naf move mid
pic move eng
por move spa/sc
sev move mos
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
tyr hold
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wal move iri
war support mos move ukr
wes move spa/sc
yor move wal
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bre support iri move mid
bur support mar
eng move iri
gal support vie move boh
gas support spa/sc
ion move tun
iri move mid
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun support boh
nat support iri move mid
pic move eng
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc hold
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie move boh
war support mos move ukr
wes support gol move spa/sc
yor move wal
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ukr move rum
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bur move ruh
eng move nth
gal support rum move ukr
gas support mar
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mar hold
mun move tyr
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid
pic move eng
por support spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support sil move gal
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support sil move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move rum
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support gal
bre support eng move mid
bud support rum move gal
edi move nwy
eng move mid
gal hold
gas support spa/sc move mar
iri support eng move mid
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support boh
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support gal
spa/sc move mar
tri move vie
tun move naf
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ukr support rum move gal
vie move boh
war support gal
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support gal move vie
bre support nat move mid
bud move gal
bur move mar
gal move vie
gas support mid move spa/sc
iri support nat move mid
kie move ber
lon move nwy
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar move gol
mos hold
mun support boh
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por support mid move spa/sc
rum support bud move gal
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri move ser
tun move wes
tyr hold
ukr support bud move gal
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support vie move tyr
bud support tri move vie
bur support spa/sc move mar
gal move war
gas support spa/sc move mar
iri support mid
kie move ber
gol support mar
mid support por move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support war
mun support vie move tyr
nat support mid
nwy move stp
por move spa/sc
ser move alb
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc move mar
stp move lvn
tri move vie
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support sil move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bur support mar
gal move vie
gas support spa/sc
iri move mid
lvn support sil move war
gol move pie
mid move wes
mar support tyr move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nth move eng
pie move ven
rum move gal
sev support war move mos
sil move war
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun move tys
tyr move pie
ukr support war move mos
vie hold
war move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
bud support rum move gal
gal move bud
gas support spa/sc
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support pie
mos move stp
mun support tyr
naf move mid
nat move mid
pie support tyr
pru support war
rum move gal
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tyr support boh move vie
tys move tus
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie support rum move gal
war support stp move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
Austria: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
boh support sil move gal
bre support iri move mid
bud move rum
bur move mun
gas move bur
iri move mid
lvn support mos
mar support pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nat support iri move mid
pie support tyr move ven
pru move war
sev move arm
sil move gal
spa/sc support wes move gol
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven move apu
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Austria: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal disband
gol disband
ukr disband
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh move vie
bur move mun
eng support nat move mid
gal move rum
lvn move mos
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat move mid
pie move tus
spa/sc support mid move wes
tyr move tri
ukr support gal move rum
ven support pie move tus
war move gal
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: fleet/dislodged tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move mid
lon move eng
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos move sev
rum support gal move bud
sev move arm
tri move ser
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ven move apu
wes move tun
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
eng move mid
gal move bud
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos move war
mun move tyr
rom move apu
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move gal
tri move alb
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven support rom move apu
vie support gal move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Austria: army/dislodged apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu disband
ion disband
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support bul move gre
bud support rum move ser
bul move gre
ion move gre
iri move mid
mid move wes
rum move ser
spa/sc hold
tri support rum move ser
tys move nap
wes move tys
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
