PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
eng move nth
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move nwy
pic move bre
ruh support kie move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
stp move fin
tri support ser
tus support ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
wal move yor
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla hold
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul hold
con support bul
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum support sev move bla
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move wes
tus move pie
ukr support rum
ven support tus move pie
vie move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move ank
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move bla
bel hold
bla support rum move bul
bul hold
con support bul
fin support nwy
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol support bel
gol support spa/sc move wes
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie support ven
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
ska support yor move nwy
spa/sc move wes
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr hold
tys hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support tri
wes move mid
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet stp/nc
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move bla
bel support ruh move bur
bla support rum move bul
bul hold
con support bul
den support kie move hel
fin support nwy
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie move hel
gol move tys
mid move spa/nc
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nth move eng
nrg support ska move nth
nwy support stp/nc move bar
par move gas
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
ska move nth
stp/nc support nwy
swe support den
tri hold
tyr support mar move pie
tys move tun
ukr move sev
vie move bud
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move bla
bel support hol
bla support rum
bre support gas move par
bul hold
bur move gas
con support bul
den support hel move nth
eng move mid
fin support nwy
gas move par
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol support bel
mun move bur
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy support hel move nth
pie move mar
ser support rum move bul
sev support rum
spa/nc move por
stp/nc move bar
swe move ska
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tus support ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move bla
bar move nrg
bel move pic
bla support rum
bre move pic
bud hold
bul hold
bur support gas move par
con support bul
eng move pic
fin move swe
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
mid move spa/nc
mar support par move bur
nap support tys move rom
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy support bar move nrg
par move bur
por support mid move spa
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
ska move nth
tri hold
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
nrg move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank move bla
arm move smy
bel move pic
bla support rum move bul
bre move par
bud support ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move smy
edi hold
eng hold
gas move bre
gre hold
hol move bel
ion support aeg move gre
mar move spa
nap support rom
nth move eng
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par support gas move bre
pie support tri move ven
por support spa/nc
rom hold
rum move bul/ec
ser hold
ska support nwy move nth
spa/nc hold
tri move ven
tus move pie
ven support tus move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
nth move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bud
build Fleet kie
remove por
build Army sev
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ser move gre
ank support con
arm move ank
bel support par move bur
ber move kie
bla support bul/ec move con
bre move gas
bul/ec move con
con move smy
den move kie
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gre hold
ion move adr
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nap support rom
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
par move bur
pic move bre
pie support tri move ven
rom support nap
ser move gre
sev move rum
ska support swe
spa/nc move por
tri move ven
tus move ven
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre move bul
alb support ser move tri
ank move con
arm support con move ank
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support con move ank
bre move gas
bur support gas move mar
con move ank
den move kie
edi support ska move nth
eng move mid
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol move kie
nap move tys
nth move edi
nrg support edi
pie support ven
por hold
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser move tri
ska move nth
smy support ank move con
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tus move ven
tyr move vie
ven hold
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army kie
remove ruh
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support tri
ank move con
arm move ank
bel move pic
bla support ank move con
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
den move kie
edi move yor
gas support mar move spa
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth support edi move yor
nrg move cly
nwy move swe
pie support spa move mar
por move mid
rum move bul
smy move con
spa move mar
tri hold
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
England: fleet/dislodged yor
ORDERS
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move ion
ank support con move smy
bel move pic
bla move con
bud support adr move tri
bur support mar
cly move lvp
con move smy
eng support por move mid
gal move vie
gas move spa
hol move bel
kie move den
lon hold
gol move mar
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
mun move tyr
nth support yor move lon
pic move bre
pie support spa move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move bul
spa support gol move mar
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
mid move wes
tri move ven
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
remove mid
build Army mos
remove pie
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
bre move par
bud move tri
bul support sev move rum
bur support mar
con move aeg
eng move iri
gal move sil
gas move spa
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mar support gas move spa
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth support swe move den
pic move bre
sev move rum
smy support con move aeg
spa support gol move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move adr
tys move tun
ven move rom
war move pru
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
spa move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
bre move eng
bul support rum move ser
bur move ruh
eng move bre
kie move hol
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa
nth move hel
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic move bel
por support gol move spa
pru move ber
rom hold
rum move ser
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
spa support mar
tri move ven
tyr move mun
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
remove eng
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bre support mid move eng
bul support aeg move gre
den move kie
gal move vie
hel support den move kie
hol move kie
lon support wal move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mos move war
mun move ber
nth move hol
por support gol move spa
rom move nap
ruh support hol move kie
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp move nwy
tun move tys
ven move rom
wal move eng
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
ber move mun
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
gal move boh
gas move spa
hel support nth move hol
lon support wal move eng
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
nth move hol
nwy move swe
por support spa/sc
rom support apu move nap
rum move bud
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc move mar
tys move tun
wal move eng
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
