PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move pic
con move bul
edi move nth
lon move eng
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move tun via convoy
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
gal hold
ion convoy apu move tun
pic move bre
pie hold
rum hold
ukr hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla move sev
bre hold
bul support ser move gre
bur hold
gal support rum
ion move adr
mar hold
pie move ven
rom move tys
rum hold
ser move gre
smy move aeg
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tun move naf
ukr move sev
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul move rum
bur move mun
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre move ser
lvn move pru
nwy move nrg
rum move bla
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove pru
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move arm
bla support bul move rum
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur hold
con move bul
gal move boh
gre move ion
mar move spa
naf move spa via convoy
nrg move edi
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
swe move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
arm move sev
bla move con
boh support gal move vie
bul move rum
bur hold
gal move vie
ion move nap
mar move spa
naf move spa via convoy
nwy move edi via convoy
pic move bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move bla
tyr support tri
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mos
remove naf
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
