PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie move ven
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sil move mun
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move tyr
war hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gre move ion
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par hold
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
sil move gal
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie support bud move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
swe move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bar support nth move nwy
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
gal move war
ion move tun
lon move nth
gol move mar
mos move war
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie support ven
pru support gal move war
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska move nth
spa/sc hold
swe support nth move nwy
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tys move rom
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove mos
build Army par
remove pie
remove ska
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bla convoy con move sev
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move sev via convoy
edi move nth
ion move tys
lon support edi move nth
mar move gol
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
rom move tys
rum move gal
ser hold
sev move ukr
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move tyr
tus move rom
ukr move war
ven support tus move rom
vie support tri move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move nap
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support con move sev
bur move mar
con move sev via convoy
den move kie
gal support ukr move war
hol move bel
ion support wes move tun
lon move eng
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
nap hold
nth support hol move bel
nwy move nrg
pru support war
rom hold
rum support sev move ukr
ser move gre
sev move ukr
swe move fin
tun hold
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move war
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
tun move naf
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet lon
remove naf
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bre hold
con move bul
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal support war
gre hold
ion support apu move nap
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move spa
mos move sev
nap hold
nth move nwy
nrg move nat
pie move mar
pru move war
rom support apu move nap
ruh move bur
sil support pru move war
stp/nc move bar
tun move naf
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tus
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
bla support rum move sev
bre hold
bul move rum
bur move ruh
eng move bre
gal move war
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mid support eng move bre
mar support wes move spa
mos support gal move war
naf move mid
nat move iri
nap support tus move rom
nwy move nth
pru move war
rom hold
rum move sev
sev hold
sil support pru move war
spa move por
stp move lvn
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
war support mos move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: army/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
sev move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
remove naf
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla convoy con move sev
bre hold
bud move vie
bur move ruh
con move sev via convoy
eng support mid move bre
gal move boh
gre hold
hol support kie move ruh
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lvn support war move mos
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun move bur
nap move rom
pie move mar
por hold
pru move war
rom move apu
rum move gal
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc hold
tri move adr
tun move naf
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move par
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move ven
boh move sil
bre move mid
bur move bel
eng hold
gal move war
gre hold
iri support bre move mid
lvn support war
mar move pie
mos move war
naf support tys move wes
nth move nwy
par move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
sev move mos
spa/sc move wes
tyr support vie
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
vie support tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bel support par move bur
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
eng hold
gal move sil
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move tun
iri move mid
lvn support sil move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move sil
naf support wes
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic hold
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc move gol
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move ukr
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support bre move pic
boh move sil
bre move pic
bur support kie move mun
eng support iri move mid
gal support boh move sil
gre hold
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvn support war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move bur
naf support tun move wes
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tus
ruh support kie move mun
sev move mos
sil support kie move mun
spa/sc move gol
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support wes move gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
sil move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mar
eng move nth
gal support mos move war
gre hold
iri support mid
kie support mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move war
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move hol
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mar
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support wes
ukr support mos move war
ven move tyr
war move gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bur support mar
gre hold
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
nat move mid
nth move eng
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move sil
ruh support mun
sil move pru
spa/sc support mar
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
war support mos move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support sil move mun
bre move gas
bur support mar
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move sil
gre hold
hol move nth
iri move mid
kie hold
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move stp
gol support spa/sc
mid move gas
mar support por move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun move tyr
naf support wes move mid
pie move mar
por move spa
pru support ber move sil
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
tri move adr
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
ven hold
war support sil move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move hol
boh support mun
bre support bur move gas
bur move gas
eng move iri
gal move sil
gre hold
iri move nat
kie move hol
gol support spa/sc
mid move por
mar support por move spa
mos move stp
naf move mid
nth move nwy
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
ruh support sil move mun
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move fin
tus move pie
tyr support mun
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet lvp
remove sil
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel move hol
ber support ruh move mun
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support mun
bre hold
fin support stp
gal support boh
gas support mar
gre hold
ion move tun
iri support lvp move nat
kie move hol
lvp move nat
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mar hold
mos move lvn
nat move nrg
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri move adr
tus move pie
tyr support mun
ukr support ank move sev
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move bur
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move hol
boh support mun
bre hold
bur support ruh move mun
fin move nwy
gal support ukr move war
gas move mar
gre hold
iri move mid
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nat support iri move mid
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh move hol
sev move mos
spa/sc support por move mid
stp support sev move mos
swe support nrg move nwy
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ukr move war
ven move pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove edi
remove lvn
remove pru
remove ruh
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bel move bur
ber support kie move mun
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bur support mar move gas
con move bul
fin support stp move nwy
gal move sil
gas move bre
gre move ser
hol move ruh
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie move mun
gol move wes
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos move war
mun move ruh
nat move iri
pie move mar
por support spa/sc move mid
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
war move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support par move bur
ber move mun
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur move par
eng convoy lon move pic
fin support stp move nwy
gas move bre
hol move ruh
kie support hol move ruh
lon move pic via convoy
mid move nat
mar move gas
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
nwy support swe
par move bur
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre support bel move pic
bud move vie
bur move par
eng support pic move bre
fin support stp move nwy
gas move cly via convoy
iri move lvp
kie move hol
gol move mar
mid convoy gas move cly
mar move gas
mun move kie
naf support mid
nat convoy gas move cly
nwy support swe
pic support bre
por support mid
ruh move mun
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
cly move edi
eng support pic move bel
fin support stp move nwy
gas hold
kie move den
gol move wes
mid move iri
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nwy support swe
pic move bel
por support naf move mid
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
ven move pie
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: army edi
Austria: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: army edi
Austria: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh support mun
bre support par move gas
bud move vie
bur move mar
con move sev via convoy
den move swe
edi move lvp
eng move iri
fin support stp move nwy
gas move bre
iri support edi move lvp
kie move ruh
lvp support eng move iri
mid support gas move bre
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nrg move nth
par move gas
pie move mar
por support mid
sil move ber
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tyr move pie
ukr move war
vie move tyr
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: army edi
Austria: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move par
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: army edi
Austria: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre support mar move gas
bur move mar
den support fin move swe
edi move lvp
eng move lon
fin move swe
gas move bre
iri support edi move lvp
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mid support bre
mar move gas
nth move lon
nrg support swe move nwy
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
por support mid
pru move ber
ruh support kie move hol
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe move nwy
tyr support mun
vie hold
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
England: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move bel
lvp move wal
nwy move fin
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army con
remove nrg
remove nwy
build Army tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bel move lon via convoy
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support mun
bre move par
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy bel move lon
fin move nwy
gas support bre move par
hol move bel
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nth move lon
par move bur
por move mid
ruh support hol move bel
spa/sc support por move mid
swe move den
tyr support mun
wal support eng
war move gal
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
par move pic
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bur support par move pic
eng move lon
gas move par
ion move gre
iri move nat
mid move nat
mun support bur
nth support bre move eng
par move pic
spa/sc move mid
tri move ser
tyr support mun
vie support bud
wal support eng move lon
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
remove wal
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bud support ser
bur support mun
con support smy move aeg
eng hold
gal move war
gre hold
iri move nat
lon hold
lvp hold
mid hold
mun hold
nth support eng
par support bur
pic support bur
ser support bud
sev move ukr
sil support mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tri support ser
tyr support mun
tys move ion
vie support bud
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud support ser
bur support mun
gre hold
ion support gre
mun support bur
par support bur
ser support bud
sil support mun
tri support ser
tyr support mun
vie support bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bud support ser
bur support mun
eng move lon
ion support gre
lvp move edi
mid move iri
nat move lvp
nth support eng move lon
par support bur
ser support bud
sil support mun
tyr support mun
tys move nap
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: army edi
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: army edi
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bud support ser
bur support mun
ion support gre
par support bur
ser support bud
sil support mun
tyr support mun
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: army edi
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Austria: army edi
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
stp move lvn
ukr move gal
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Austria: army edi
Austria: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bud support ser
ion support gre
nap move apu
ser support gre
tri move alb
tyr support mun
vie support bud
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Austria: army edi
Austria: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Austria: army edi
Austria: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
