PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul support alb move gre
den hold
ion move tun
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
sil move war
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support nth move hol
ber support tyr move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den move nth
eng move nth
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie move ber
mar move gol
mun support vie move tyr
nap move apu
nth move ska
par move bur
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move adr
bel move hol
bla support rum
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
den move ska
eng move nth
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move bur
pic support bel
pie move tyr
rum support con move bul
ser support gre move alb
sev move mos
ska support eng move nth
smy move aeg
swe move bal
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support pie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army stp
remove tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move kie
bel move ruh
ber support bal move kie
bla move con
bud hold
bul move rum
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul
den hold
hol move bel
kie move ber
gol move tys
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy yor move swe
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie support tri move ven
rum move ukr
ser support alb move tri
sev move mos
ska convoy yor move swe
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support sev move mos
wes move tun
yor move swe via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
mos move stp
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ber support war move pru
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support mun move kie
hol move bel
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
mun move kie
nth support yor move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move tus
pru move war
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
ska support yor move nwy
stp move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr support mos
ven support adr move tri
war move pru
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hel
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove hel
remove kie
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
ber support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move aeg
den hold
hol move bel
ion hold
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mun support ruh
nth convoy yor move den
pic move bel
pie move tus
rom support tri move ven
ruh support pic move bel
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil move mun
ska support yor move den
stp move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tus support ven move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support mos
ven move rom
war support stp move mos
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
ion move adr
mun move bur
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
apu move rom
bel move lon via convoy
ber move mun
bud hold
bur move bel
eas support adr move ion
eng convoy bel move lon
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
hol support mun move ruh
ion support tys move nap
kie move den
lvn support war
gol move tys
mos support ukr move war
mun move ruh
nth move hel
pie hold
rom hold
ruh support bur move bel
sev support mos
ska move nwy
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tus support apu move rom
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven support rom
vie move boh
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
ruh move bur
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bel support bur
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur support tyr move mun
den move kie
eas support ion
eng support bel
gal support mos move war
gre hold
hel support den move kie
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move yor
lvn support war
mos move war
mun move bur
nap support tun move ion
pie hold
rom hold
ruh support mun move bur
sev move mos
ska move nth
stp move mos
swe move fin
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support nap
ukr support mos move war
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
kie move ber
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur move mar
eas support ion
eng support bel
fin move stp
gal support war
gre hold
hel move hol
hol move bel
kie support hel move hol
lvn support stp move mos
mid move nat
mun move ruh
nap support tun move ion
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
pru support lvn move war
rom hold
ruh support hol move bel
sev move mos
stp move mos
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys support nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie move boh
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army edi
remove fin
remove lvn
build Army mar
remove pru
remove stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bel hold
boh move sil
bud hold
con move bul
eas support ion
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal move war
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
lvp hold
mar move bur
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nap support tun move ion
nwy move nrg
par hold
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move bel
sev move mos
stp move mos
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bel hold
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
eas support ion
eng move lon
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support bel
kie move ber
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil move ber
nat move lvp
nap support tys move ion
nwy move swe
par support bur
pic move bel
pru move ber
sil move ber
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move boh
war move lvn
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army edi
remove fin
remove par
remove pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud hold
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
eas support ion
edi move lvp
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon support lvp move yor
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nat move lvp
nap support tun move ion
nth support yor move lon
pic move bel
pie hold
ser hold
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tys support nap
ven move tyr
vie hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
kie move den
lon move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bel support bur
bud hold
bur support bel
den move swe
eas support ion
edi move lvp
eng support yor move lon
fin move swe
gre hold
hol move bel
kie hold
lvn move war
mun move ruh
nat move lvp
nap support tys move ion
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pie hold
ruh support hol move bel
ser hold
sil move ber
stp move nwy
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr move mun
tys move ion
vie move boh
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove den
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bel support bur move ruh
bre move eng
bur move ruh
eas support ion
edi support wal move lvp
eng move nth
fin move swe
hol move bel
lon move yor
nat move lvp
nap support tun move ion
nth move lon
pie hold
stp move nwy
tun move ion
tys support nap
wal move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bel support ruh move hol
ber hold
boh hold
bud hold
eas support ion
edi support lvp
eng support yor move lon
gre hold
hol move kie
kie support nth move den
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap hold
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
pie hold
ruh move hol
ser hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys support nap
vie hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
lon move nth
nwy move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove lvp
remove ska
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber hold
boh hold
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
eas support aeg move ion
edi move lvp
eng move iri
gre hold
hol hold
ion move apu
kie hold
lon move yor
mun hold
nap support tun move ion
nth move lon
nrg move edi
pie move mar
rum move gal
ser hold
smy move aeg
tri hold
tun move ion
tys support nap
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bel move wal via convoy
ber hold
boh hold
bud hold
bul support rum
eas support aeg move ion
eng convoy bel move wal
gal support rum
gre hold
iri move lvp
kie hold
mar move bur
mos move stp
nap support tys move ion
rum support bul
ser hold
smy move aeg
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven hold
vie hold
war support gal
yor support iri move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
lvp disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
ber hold
boh hold
bud hold
bul support rum
bur hold
den hold
eas support aeg move ion
edi move nth
eng hold
gal support rum
gre hold
hol hold
kie hold
lvp move nat
mar hold
mun hold
nap support tun move ion
rum support bul
ser hold
smy move aeg
tri hold
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
vie hold
wal support yor move lon
war support gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
ber hold
boh hold
bud hold
bul support rum
bur support mar
den support nth
eas support aeg move ion
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support rum
gre hold
hol hold
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
mar support bur
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap support tys move ion
nth support den
rum support bul
ser hold
smy move aeg
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven hold
vie hold
wal move lon
war support gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move adr
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh hold
bud hold
bul support aeg move gre
bur support bel move ruh
den hold
eas move ion
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre hold
hol support bel move ruh
ion support nap
kie hold
lon move yor
mar move pie
mun hold
nap support ion
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
par move pic
rum support gal move bud
ser hold
smy move aeg
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri hold
tun move tys
ven hold
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
