PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support con move bul
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nwy
fin move swe
mid move por
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
pru move ber
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla move rum
bre move gas
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
hol move hel
lon move nth
mos move sev
nap move ion
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move sil
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum via convoy
stp move fin
swe hold
tri support bul move ser
tun move tys
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel support ruh
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
fin move stp
gas move spa
hel move den
ion move gre
mos move sev
nth support hel move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
ser support tri move bud
sev move arm
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tus hold
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bar support stp
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy
fin move stp
gre move ion
ion move tun
lon hold
mar move gol
mos move stp
nap move tys
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev hold
spa move mar
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tus move gol
ven move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel move bur
bla convoy con move sev
bul move rum
con move sev via convoy
den support nwy move swe
fin move stp
gre move ion
ion move tun
lon move hol
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun hold
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support mun
rum move gal
sev move mos
spa move gas
stp move fin
swe hold
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove fin
build Army lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bla hold
con hold
den support hol move kie
gal move sil
hol move kie
lon move hol
mos move war
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg hold
nwy move ska
rum move gal
sev move mos
stp hold
swe move nwy
ukr support mos move war
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bla convoy ank move rum
con move bul
den move bal
gal move vie
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn move mos
mos support war
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy hold
rom move apu
sil support ber
ska move den
stp support lvn move mos
tun support tys move wes
tus move gol
tys move wes
ukr move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bla move con
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move war
hol move bel
kie move ber
lon move bre
mos support war move lvn
nth hold
nwy move stp
rum move bud
sil support ber
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move pru
bel hold
bre move par
bud hold
bul/sc move gre
con move aeg
den move bal
eng move mid
kie hold
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
nth move eng
nwy support stp
ser move tri
sil support ber
stp hold
tri move ven
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bal move bot
bel move ruh
bud move vie
con move bul
den move nth
eng move mid
gre move alb
ion move tys
kie support bel move ruh
lon move eng
lvn support war move pru
mid move wes
mos support lvn
nwy move stp
par hold
sil support ber
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
ven support tri move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move tun
alb move adr
arm move sev
bot move bal
bul move tun via convoy
edi move bel
eng move bre
ion convoy bul move tun
kie support ber
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mos support lvn
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy support stp
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh support par move bur
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys support bul move tun
ven move rom
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal support ber
bel move pic
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support spa/sc move mar
con move bul
edi move bel
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn support mos
mos support lvn
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy support stp
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion move tun
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal support ber
bel hold
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur support mun
con move bul
eng move mid
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support lvn
naf hold
nth move eng
nwy support stp
pic move par
pru support bal move ber
ruh support mun
sil support bal move ber
stp hold
tun support ion move tys
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move tus
ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
