PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
smy move arm
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul move gre
bur support pie move mar
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move ven
ser support gal move rum
spa move mar
tri move alb
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move sev via convoy
bel support nth move hol
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move gas
bud move tri
bur move bel
con support gre move bul
gre move bul
hol support bur move bel
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par support bre move gas
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move ukr
stp/sc move bot
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul support sev move rum
bur move mar
con support bul
den support bot move swe
gal move sil
gas support spa move mar
gre support ser move bul
hel support nth move den
hol support bel
kie support hol
mos move war
nth move den
nwy move bar
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pie support bur move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa move mar
swe support nth move den
tys move gol
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
remove pic
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den support hel move kie
edi move yor
gal support sil move war
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
hel move kie
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support mun move ber
lon move nth
gol support bur move mar
mid move bre
mun move ber
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
por support spa
rum support bul move ser
ser move rum
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa support gas move mar
swe hold
ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla move rum
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
den move kie
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
hel support yor move hol
hol support pic move bel
kie support hol
gol support mar
mos move ukr
mun support kie
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move bel
pie support mar
por move mid
rum move bud
ser support aeg move gre
sev move mos
spa support gas move mar
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move ser
tys move ion
war move ukr
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
bel move ruh
bla support rum
bot move lvn
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bur move pic
con move bul
den move bal
edi move den via convoy
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion support gre
kie support mun move ber
lon move eng
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move den
pie move mar
ser move gre
sev move mos
smy move con
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move ser
ven move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
kie move mun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bal convoy swe move ber
ber support mun move kie
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
den support kie
eng support pic move bre
gal support bud move rum
gas support pic move bre
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion support alb move gre
kie support swe move ber
lvn move bot
gol move wes
mid move iri
mar support spa
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth move bel
pic move bre
ruh support mun move kie
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
sil support ber
smy move con
stp/nc hold
swe move ber via convoy
tyr move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal convoy swe move pru
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den support kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move ukr
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
ion support gre
iri move nat
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move nat
mos support gal move ukr
mun support ber
rum support con move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
stp/nc hold
swe move pru via convoy
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal convoy den move ber
bel hold
bla support rum
boh support mun
bre move pic
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
con support bul
den move ber via convoy
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
ion support gre
iri move wal
kie support den move ber
lvp hold
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support ber
par support bre move pic
pic move bur
pru support den move ber
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil move war
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
ukr support gal move rum
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove sil
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bal move den
bel support eng
ber move mun
bla support sev
boh support mun
bud support rum
con support bul
edi move nrg
eng hold
gas support mar move bur
gre support ser move bul
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support ukr
nat support wal move lvp
par move bur
pic move bre
pru move sil
ruh support ber move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp/nc hold
ukr support rum
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war support ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber support ruh move mun
bla support sev
boh support mun
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur support mun
cly move lvp
con move smy
den move nth
eng move iri
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul/sc
iri move mid
kie hold
mos support rum move sev
nat support lvp
nrg move nat
par move pic
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev support bul move rum
sil support ruh move mun
stp/nc move nwy
tys move wes
ukr support rum move sev
wal support cly move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
remove rum
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre support par
bud move rum
bul/sc support gre
bur move par
gal support boh
gas support bur move par
gre support bul/sc
ion move nap
iri support lvp move nat
kie hold
lvp move nat
mid move por
mos support sev
nat move mid
nth move eng
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
pic support bur move bel
ruh support sil move mun
sev support bud move rum
sil move mun
smy support bla move con
tri move ser
ukr support bud move rum
wal support nth move eng
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
ber support mun
boh move vie
bul/sc move aeg
bur support gas
cly move nat
con move aeg
eng support nat move mid
gal move vie
gas support bur
gre support ser move bul
iri support nat move mid
kie move bal
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nrg move nth
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move con
tyr move ven
ukr move war
wal hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
remove pic
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move bot
bel move pic
ber move sil
bre support par move gas
bul/sc move gre
bur move par
con move aeg
eng support iri move mid
gal move sil
gas support bur move par
gre move alb
iri move mid
lvn move stp
mid move naf
mun support ruh move bur
nat support iri move mid
nap move ion
nth move nwy
par move gas
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move con
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
vie move boh
wal move iri
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army/dislodged gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gas move mar
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
alb move tri
arm move sev
ber hold
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bul support gre
bur move par
con move bul
eng move bre
gal support pru move sil
gre support adr move ion
ion move tun
iri move mid
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mun hold
naf support ion move tun
nat support iri move mid
nth move nwy
pic support eng move bre
pru move sil
rom move nap
rum support bul
sev hold
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
tys move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army lvp
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bre support mid
bul support gre
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move sil
gre support bul
ion support tys move tun
lvp move gas via convoy
mid convoy lvp move gas
nat convoy lvp move gas
nwy move stp/nc
pru support sil move ber
rum support bul
sev hold
sil move ber
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun move ion
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
stp move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bot move swe
bre hold
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move bul
fin move swe
gas support gol move mar
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
kie support mun move ber
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support pic move gas
mun move ber
naf move wes
nat move mid
par move gas
pic hold
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
rom move tys
rum support bul
sev hold
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc hold
tun move ion
tyr support ber move mun
tys move ion
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
mun move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nat
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm move sev
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move fin
bul move con
bur support gol move mar
con move bul
fin move nwy
gas support wes move spa
gre move ion
kie support ruh
gol move mar
mid support wes move spa
mar support spa/sc
mun hold
par move gas
por support spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh support kie
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil support mun
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr move pie
tys move gol
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move con
arm move sev
ber support mun
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bre support mid
bul move con
bur move par
con move bul
fin move stp
gas support bur move par
ion move eas
kie support ruh
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mun support ber
pie move mar
ruh support kie
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil support mun
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tun move ion
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move con
arm support smy
ber support mun
bre move eng
bul move con
con support smy
eas move smy
gas support par move bur
kie support ruh
lon hold
gol support mar
mid support spa/sc move por
mar hold
mun support ber
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh support kie
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
aeg move smy
alb move ion
arm support smy
bel move nth
ber support mun
bul move con
bur support gas move mar
con support smy
eas support aeg move smy
eng convoy lon move spa
gas support spa/sc move mar
kie support ruh
lon move spa via convoy
gol move wes
mid convoy lon move spa
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun support ber
nwy hold
por support lon move spa
ruh support kie
sev move arm
sil support mun
smy support con
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
swe move fin
tyr move ven
tys hold
ven move apu
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army/dislodged mar
England: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
smy disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu hold
arm move smy
ber support mun
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bul
eas support smy
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
fin hold
gas support spa move mar
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
lon move bel via convoy
mid support por move spa
mar move gol
mos support stp
mun support ber
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move bar
pie hold
por move spa/sc
ruh support kie
sev move arm
sil support mun
smy support bul move con
spa move mar
stp hold
tri move ven
tys move tun
ven move rom
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move nap
arm move smy
bar support nwy move stp
bel move hol
ber support mun
bul support smy move con
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
eas move smy
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gas move mar
ion support tun
kie support ruh
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move wes
mar move tus via convoy
mos support stp
mun support ber
nwy move stp
pie hold
rom hold
ruh support kie
sev move arm
sil support mun
smy move con
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp hold
tun support wes move naf
ven support pie
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
con disband
stp move lvn
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove naf
build Army tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move ank
bar support stp
ber support mun
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support kie move mun
con move bla
eas move smy
fin move bot
hol move kie
ion support tun
kie move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support mos
gol support tus move pie
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar support tus move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie hold
rom move tus
ruh support kie move mun
sev move arm
sil support mun
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
tri support ven
tun move naf
tus move pie
ven support rom move tus
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tyr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support con move ank
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun
bla support con move ank
bot support stp move lvn
bur move mun
con move ank
gal move war
hol move nwy via convoy
ion support nap
kie support ruh
lvn support mos
gol support pie move tus
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support ion move tun
nap support rom
nth convoy hol move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tus
rom support tus
ruh support kie
sil support mun
smy hold
stp move lvn
tri support ven
tus support ven
tyr support ven
tys support pie move tus
ven support tus
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
