PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move gre
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move mun
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support bul move rum
spa hold
tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
war move gal
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move rom
bel move bur
ber move sil
bud support vie
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal hold
ion move tys
kie move den
lon support edi move nth
mun support bel move bur
nth move ska
nwy hold
par move pic
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/sc hold
swe hold
ven support adr move apu
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move nap
bel support pic
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
bur support hol move bel
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
hol move bel
lon support nth
mar support par move bur
mun move kie
nth support nwy move den
nwy move den
par move bur
pic support bel
rom move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
sil move war
ska convoy nwy move den
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mun
gal move ukr
ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
bot move bal
bud support tri move ser
bur support pic move bel
den hold
gal support sil move war
gre move ion
hol hold
kie support hol
lon move nth
mar support bur
mun hold
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move war
ska support lon move nth
smy move aeg
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven hold
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move pru
bel move hol
bla support rum
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move kie
eng move mid
gal support vie move bud
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
kie hold
mar hold
mun move bur
nth hold
pic move bur
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support vie move bud
sil move war
ska hold
swe move bal
tys move tun
ukr support war
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal support pru move ber
bel support ruh
ber move kie
bla move sev
bud support gal move rum
con move smy
gal move rum
gre support bul
hel support nth move hol
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move por
mar support pic move bur
mos move ukr
mun support ber move kie
nap move apu
nth move hol
pic move bur
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move gal
ser support gal move rum
ska move nwy
tri move alb
tun hold
ukr move gal
ven hold
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move tri
apu move ion
bal support ber
bel hold
ber hold
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
gal move bud
gre support bul
hel move den
hol hold
kie support bur move mun
mar move spa
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth support hol
nwy hold
por hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bla move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy move arm
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
arm move sev
bal support ber
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla support arm move sev
bud move gal
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal move war
gre support aeg
hol move hel
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move nwy
mar support por move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie hold
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa move gas
tri move tyr
tys move gol
ukr move mos
vie support bud move gal
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel hold
ber hold
boh move mun
bur move mar
gal support vie
gas move spa
hel support kie
kie hold
gol hold
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support stp/nc
pie support tri move tyr
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser move rum
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tri move ser
tys support gol
vie support gal
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove boh
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber hold
bur move mar
den support swe move bal
edi move nth
gal move war
gas move bre
hel support kie
kie hold
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move stp
nwy move fin
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum support ser
ser support rum
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bar support stp/nc
bre hold
den move kie
eng hold
fin support stp/nc
hel convoy kie move nwy
kie move nwy
gol move mar
mid move por
mar hold
mun move tyr
nth convoy kie move nwy
pie move tus
ruh move mun
ser support vie move tri
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp/nc hold
tri move ser
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move tri
war support ukr move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
tri move ven
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove mun
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bar move nrg
bre hold
bud move gal
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gas move spa
hel move nth
kie move ber
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie support rom move tus
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
rum support mos move sev
ser support rum move bul
sil move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move bar
tri support vie move tyr
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bar support stp
ber move kie
boh move vie
bre move par
eng support mid
fin move swe
gal move war
gas move spa
gol move tus
mid support gas move spa
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
nth move hel
nrg move nth
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
stp hold
tri move vie
tus support ven move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove spa
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu support tys move rom
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber support lon move kie
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul support ser move gre
eng move mid
hel convoy lon move kie
lon move kie
gol support ven move tus
mid move por
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move kie
par move bur
por move mid
rom support ven move tus
ser move gre
sev move ukr
stp move mos
swe move lvn
tri support tyr
tus support tys move rom
tyr support vie move boh
tys move rom
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet/dislodged tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
rom move ven
tus move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu support rom
bal support lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
boh move mun
bul move con
bur move mun
eng move mid
gal move sil
hel hold
kie support bur move mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos support war move lvn
nth hold
pie move mar
por support gol move spa/sc
rom hold
stp move mos
tus move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys move nap
ukr support mos
ven move apu
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army par
remove spa/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal convoy kie move pru
bar support stp
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move ank
eng move mid
hel move kie
kie move pru
lvn support stp
mid move por
mar move gol
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nth hold
par move bur
por move mid
rom move tus
sil move pru
stp support lvn
tri move tyr
tus support ven move rom
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
rom move nap
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy kie move pru
bar support stp
ber support kie move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mar
eng hold
gal move war
gas move spa
hel move kie
ion move adr
kie move pru
lvn support kie move pru
gol move tys
mid support gas move spa
mos support war move lvn
nap move rom
nth hold
pie support tus move ven
por move mid
rom move nap
ruh move mun
sil support tyr move mun
stp support lvn
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
remove por
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
ank move smy
apu move alb
bal move pru
bar support stp
ber support kie
boh move mun
bud support tri
eng move mid
gal move sil
kie support ber
lvn support pru move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth hold
par move bur
pru move war
rom move nap
ruh support par move bur
sil move pru
spa move por
stp support lvn
tri support vie move tyr
tys support rom move nap
ukr support mos
ven move apu
vie move tyr
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move gre
apu move ven
bal support ber
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
gal move war
ion support alb move gre
kie support ber
lvn support war
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun support sil
nap hold
nth hold
pie move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support gal move war
stp move mos
tri move ser
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr support mos
war support lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move ven
bal support lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
boh support mun
bud move ser
bur move mun
edi move hol
gal support sil move war
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie support ber
lon hold
lvn support war
mos support sil move war
nap hold
nth convoy edi move hol
pie move ven
por move spa
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bul
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tri move alb
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr support mos
war support lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
alb move gre
apu move ven
bal move pru
bar move stp/nc
ber support hol move kie
boh support mun
bud move ser
bur move mun
con support ser move bul
gal support sil move war
gre move smy
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie move hel
lon move hol
lvn support war
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support sil move war
mun support boh
nap hold
nth convoy lon move hol
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bul
sil move war
spa move gas
stp move mos
tun move wes
tus support pie move ven
ukr support sil move war
war support lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nap
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ion
apu move rom
bar support stp
ber support kie
boh support mun
bul move con
bur move mun
con move ank
gal move sil
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hel convoy hol move den
hol move den
kie support bur move mun
lvn support stp
mos support war
nth hold
pie move ven
pru move bal
ruh support bur move mun
ser move alb
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc hold
stp support lvn
tri support ser move alb
tus move pie
tys support apu move rom
ukr move sev
ven support tus move pie
vie move tyr
war support mos
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank support aeg move con
bal convoy den move pru
bar support stp
ber support den move pru
boh support sil move mun
bul support aeg move con
bur support mun
con move bla
hel move nth
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn support den move pru
mar hold
mos support war
mun hold
nth move eng
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy move con
stp support lvn
tri move adr
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
ven move rom
war support mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nap
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move smy
arm support ank move smy
bal convoy den move pru
bar move stp/nc
ber support den move pru
bla move sev
boh support sil move mun
bul move rum
bur support mun
con support ank move smy
den move pru
eng move mid
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lvn support den move pru
mar move pie
mos support war
mun hold
nth hold
par move pic
pie move mar
ruh support mun
sil move mun
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move alb
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
France: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
France: army/dislodged smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
France: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
alb move ion
apu move nap
arm move syr
bal convoy kie move ber
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur support mun
con move bla
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support rum move sev
mun hold
nth hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move war
rom support apu move nap
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil support war
smy support arm move syr
stp support lvn move mos
syr move smy
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys support wes move tun
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
France: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: army smy
Austria: army/dislodged smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
smy move con
tun disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
France: fleet sev
France: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
remove boh
remove con
build Army edi
remove gre
remove ion
build Army lon
remove nap
remove pie
remove rom
remove rum
remove sil
remove syr
remove tyr
remove ukr
remove war
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
France: fleet sev
France: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
bal hold
bel hold
ber move sil
bur support mun
edi move den
kie move hel
lon hold
mar move pie
mos support pru move war
mun hold
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nat
pru move war
ruh support mun
sev move rum
smy move con
stp support mos
tun support tys
tys support tun
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army con
Austria: army/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
France: fleet sev
France: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
France: fleet sev
France: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal convoy den move pru
bel hold
ber move sil
bur support mun
con move ank
den move pru
hel convoy lon move kie
lon move kie
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move kie
ruh support mun
sev move rum
stp support mos
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
France: fleet sev
France: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army ank
France: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
France: fleet sev
France: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
