PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move yor
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
smy move con
stp/sc move lvn
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nth
gas move spa/nc
hol hold
kie move den
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
stp/sc move lvn
tus move pie
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie hold
wal move eng
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support bur move ruh
bla support rum
bud support vie move gal
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support bul
den hold
eng move mid
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move hol via convoy
lvn move bal
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move nwy
pie hold
rum hold
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa/nc move por
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr hold
ukr move gal
vie move gal
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel move hol
bla move sev
bud support gal
bul move gre
con move ank
den support kie
gal hold
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move ruh
lon hold
mid support wes move spa
mun hold
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
ruh move mun
rum support bla move sev
ser move rum
smy move eas
tyr hold
ukr move sev
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank hold
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move con
bud support gal move rum
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
gal move rum
gre move ser
hol hold
ion support aeg move gre
kie move ruh
lon move yor
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
mun move bur
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
rum support gre move ser
ser move bul
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move por
tyr move boh
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bal move swe
bel support ruh move bur
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bud move tri
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
den move kie via convoy
gre hold
hol hold
ion support gre
kie move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mar hold
nth move ska
nwy move swe
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
spa/sc support mar
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
war hold
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
remove pic
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support bla move con
bal move ber
bla move con
boh support mun
bre move gas
bud support ukr move rum
bul move con
bur support mar
con move smy
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move mun
gol move wes
mun hold
nat move nrg
nwy move swe
par move bre
pie hold
ruh move mun
ser support bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc move wes
tri move adr
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move sil
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ank move arm
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre move gas
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bla
eas support gre move aeg
gal move ukr
gas move mid
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie support bur move mun
gol move wes
mar hold
mun move kie
nrg move bar
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
ser move rum
sev move bla
sil move ber
ska move swe
smy hold
spa/sc support mar
swe move bal
war move sil
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
rum move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move con
arm move sev
bal move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber move bal
bud move gal
bul move con
con support smy
eas move smy
edi move nth
gal support war move ukr
gas move spa
hol move nth
kie hold
mid move eng
mar move pie
mos move stp
par move bur
pie move ven
ruh hold
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
spa/sc move gol
swe move bal
tri move vie
tyr hold
ukr support bud move gal
war move ukr
wes hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move ank
sev disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur move ruh
ber hold
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move ank
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal move rum
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support bar move stp
gol move tus
mos support war move ukr
pie move ven
ruh support kie move mun
rum support ukr
sev support gal move rum
smy hold
swe move den
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven move tus
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
smy move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
bel move hol
ber hold
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
gal support bul move rum
hol support lon move bel
kie support ruh move mun
lon hold
lvn move bal
lvp move wal
gol move tus
mos move stp
rom move tus
ruh support bel move hol
rum support ukr move gal
sev hold
smy support aeg move con
stp/nc hold
tyr hold
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol disband
rum move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move ber
ber hold
boh move gal
bud support rum
bul move con
con move bla
den support ruh move kie
eng move bre
gal move ukr
kie hold
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth hold
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum support gal move ukr
ser move rum
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc hold
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ukr support ser move rum
ven move pie
wal hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move bla
bal hold
ber hold
bla move sev
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move ank
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move ukr
kie support mun
lon hold
gol move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
rum support gal move ukr
ser support ukr move rum
sev support ukr move rum
stp/nc hold
tus support pie
tyr hold
tys move gol
ukr move rum
wal hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ukr move war
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bal hold
ber move bal
bla support con move ank
bre move eng
bud move ser
bur move mar
con move ank
den hold
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move wes
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev support mos move ukr
sil move gal
stp/nc hold
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr support rum move sev
wal hold
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
ber move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal convoy swe move lvn
bla move con
bre move gas
bul move con
den hold
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hol move kie
gol move tys
mid move nat
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
stp/nc hold
swe move lvn via convoy
ukr support war move gal
ven move pie
vie hold
wal hold
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bal convoy swe move pru
bla move ank
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mar
den hold
gal move war
gas move spa
gre move bul
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mar move pie
nat move lvp
nap move tys
nth hold
rom move tus
ser support bul move gre
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
swe move pru via convoy
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move boh
wal hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Russia: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
bar move nrg
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud move vie
con move ank
den move nth
gre move bul
kie support ber
lvp move nat
gol move wes
mos support pru move war
nap move tys
nth move lon
par move bur
pie support tyr move ven
pru move war
ser support gre move bul
sev support war move mos
smy move ank
tri support bud move vie
tun move tys
tus move pie
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
war move mos
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
boh move mun
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move ank
lon move wal
lvp hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth hold
nrg hold
pie move ven
rum move bla
ser support tri
sev support mos
smy move con
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus support ven move pie
tyr support pie move ven
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army edi
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
ber hold
bla move con
boh move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bre
gal support tri move vie
ion move adr
kie support bur move mun
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mid move bre
mos hold
nap hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move nat
pie move ven
ser move tri
sev move rum
stp move mos
tri move vie
tus support ven
tyr support pie move ven
ven hold
wal hold
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
bal hold
boh move sil
bul hold
con move ank
eng move bre
gal support rum
iri support nat move mid
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move boh
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy move swe
pie move tus
sev support ukr move mos
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support tus move pie
vie support tri move tyr
wal hold
war support mos move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
ven move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
remove sil
build Fleet tri
remove tus
remove wes
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move bla
bal convoy swe move lvn
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
gal move boh
iri hold
mid hold
mar move gol
mos move stp
nth hold
pie support boh move tyr
rum move sev
sev move rum
stp move mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
ven support boh move tyr
vie support gal move boh
wal hold
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
bal move den
ber move sil
bla support rum move sev
boh support vie move tyr
gal move ukr
iri move wal
lvn hold
mid move bre
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap hold
nth move bel
pie move tus
rum move sev
ser support tri
sev support ukr move mos
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
tri move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lvp
remove spa
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb support bud move tri
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move mun
bre hold
den hold
edi hold
eng move nth
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn move pru
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap hold
por move spa
rom hold
ser support bud move tri
sev hold
sil move mun
tri support mun move tyr
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ven support tus move rom
vie support bud move tri
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move smy
alb move adr
apu hold
bel move hol
boh move mun
bre support wal move eng
bud move tri
den hold
eng move bel
gal move sil
ion support alb move adr
kie move hol
lon move nth
mos hold
nap move tys
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move nap
ser support bud move tri
sil move ber
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven move rom
vie support bud move tri
wal move eng
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet/dislodged adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
eng move lon
tri move alb
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb support tyr move tri
boh support vie move tyr
bre hold
bud move ser
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move hol via convoy
eng support yor move lon
gal move vie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move eng
mar move gas
mos hold
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move hol
par move pic
pru support war move sil
ser move gre
sil move mun
smy move aeg
tri support adr move alb
tus move tys
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
tyr move pie
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support ven move tri
bel move pic
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
con move smy
eng move iri
gas move bre
gre move alb
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support sil move ber
lon hold
mos move war
mun move kie
nth move yor
pic support gas move bre
pie move tyr
pru support sil move ber
ser support gre move alb
sil move ber
smy move con
tri support adr move ven
tus move tys
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lvp
remove rom
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move gal
con move smy
gas move bur
iri move wal
kie move hol
lon support iri move wal
lvp support iri move wal
mun support tri move tyr
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
ser move rum
sev move mos
smy move eas
spa move gas
tri move tyr
tun move ion
ven hold
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
boh support mun
edi move cly
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move war
gas move bur
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move mos
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun move ber
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sil support gal move war
spa move gas
tyr support ven
war support lvn move mos
yor move nth
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army tri
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
boh support mun
bud move vie
eng move mid
hol move bel
kie support ruh move mun
mun support sil move ber
nth convoy yor move den
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp support ukr move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun move tys
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven move adr
vie move tyr
wal move iri
war support ukr move mos
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move par
den move swe
iri move mid
lvn move pru
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
sev move mos
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
