PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal via convoy
mos move lvn
nap move tys
par move bur
rom hold
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
eng move bre
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth move hol
rom move tun via convoy
sev move rum
sil move pru
tys hold
ven move pie
wal move bre via convoy
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move arm
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bre
hol hold
mun move boh
nth move hol
pie move ven
rom move tun via convoy
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move bud
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tys convoy rom move tun
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move bla
bre move eng
bul hold
den hold
gre move alb
lon move hol
nth move hol
nwy hold
rum move bla
ser hold
sev move rum
swe move ska
tun hold
tys hold
ven move pie
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move bla
boh hold
bul support ser
con support arm move bla
den hold
gre move ion
hol move hel
lon move bre via convoy
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth support eng
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
pru hold
ruh hold
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
sev support rum
ska move nwy
stp move lvn
tun move rom via convoy
tys convoy tun move rom
war support stp move lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla hold
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move kie
eng hold
gre move ion
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move pru
nap move ion
nth move hel
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move bud
sev support rum
tri support ser move bud
tys support nap move ion
ukr support rum
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla hold
bud support tri move vie
con move bul
edi support nwy move nth
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tys
kie move hol
mar move gas
mos move ukr
nwy move nth
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev move arm
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber move mun
bla move ank
bot move bal
bud move gal
bul move rum
eas move smy
edi move yor
gal hold
gas move par
gre move ion
hol support nth move bel
ion move tun
gol move tys
nth move bel
pie hold
rum move bla
sil move ber
tri support vie
tys move rom
ukr hold
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm hold
bal move den
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla convoy con move rum
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
gal move ukr
hol move ruh
ion move nap
mos move ukr
mun hold
par move bre
pie hold
rom support tys
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
stp/nc move bar
tri move ven
tun move tys
tys hold
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support ukr move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move ank
bla support rum move bul
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move nth
eng move wal
gal move bud
mun support sil move boh
nap hold
pie support ven
rom support tys
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tri move vie
tun move tys
tyr move vie
tys support rom
ukr move rum
ven support pie
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank support smy move arm
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bla support rum move bul
boh support mun move tyr
bre move par
bud move vie
bur move par
con move bul
gal move bud
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth support yor move lon
pie move tyr
rom support tys
rum move bul/ec
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move arm
tri move bud
tun move tys
tyr move ven
ukr hold
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move bla
arm move smy
bla move ank
boh support tyr
bre move par
bur move gas
con move bul
gal move bud
lon hold
lvp hold
nap support tun move tys
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie support ven
rom support tys
rum move bul/ec
ser support con move bul
sev move arm
syr support sev move arm
tri support vie
tun move tys
tyr hold
tys support rom
ukr move rum
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank support con move bla
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
boh support tyr move vie
bud support tyr move vie
bul move rum
con move bla
eng move bre
gas move par
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos move sev
nat move mid
nap support tun move tys
par hold
pie support ven
rom support tys
rum support bla
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
sil support boh
smy move arm
syr support sev move arm
tri support vie move bud
tun move tys
tyr move vie
tys support rom
ukr support rum
ven support pie
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank support con move bla
arm move smy
bla hold
boh support vie
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bla
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas move mar
iri move mid
mid move por
mos move war
nap support tun move tys
par hold
pie support ven
rom support tys
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev support bla
sil move mun
smy move arm
syr support arm move smy
tri move bud
tun move tys
tys support rom
ukr support rum
ven support pie
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
