PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom support ven
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bel
kie move hol
lvn move pru
mid move por
nth move nwy
rom move apu
ruh move bel
rum support tri move ser
sev support rum
tri move ser
tys move tun
ven hold
wal move bel via convoy
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber support ruh move mun
bla move rum
bot move swe
bre support por move mid
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy wal move pic
hol move bel
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser move alb
sev move arm
sil support pru move ber
spa move gas
tri move adr
tun move ion
vie move tri
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb move gre
ank hold
apu support ven
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul support gre
bur move ruh
den move swe
eng hold
gas move bre
gre hold
ion convoy nap move alb
kie support ruh move mun
mid support bre move eng
mun support ber move kie
nap move alb via convoy
nth support eng
par move pic
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sil move ber
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
wal move yor
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move tri
ank move con
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla support bul
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den move swe
gas move par
gre support rum move bul
kie support ruh move mun
lvp move iri
mid support bre move eng
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move war
tri support adr move alb
ven move tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support con move bul
alb move tri
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla move sev
bot move swe
bur support bel
con move bul/ec
den move hel
eng support bel
gre support bul
hol hold
iri support lon move eng
kie support ruh
lon move eng
mid support eng
mun support ber move kie
nth support hol
par support bur
ruh support kie
rum support bul
ser move tri
sev support rum
tri move ven
ven move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove hel
remove ion
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
apu support rom move ven
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gre support bul
iri support lon move eng
kie support bel move hol
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid support bre move eng
mos support lvn move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nth support lon move eng
par move pic
rom move ven
rum support bul
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri move adr
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bel
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support con move bul
apu move rom
arm move ank
bel support bre move eng
bla move sev
bre move eng
bul support ser move gre
con move bul/ec
eng hold
hol support pic move bel
ion support ser move gre
iri support eng
kie move den
mid support bre move eng
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth support eng
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pic support bel
ruh move kie
rum support bul
ser move gre
stp move fin
swe support kie move den
tri move ven
tus move rom
ukr move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army mar
remove nrg
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg hold
alb move ser
ank move con
apu move rom
bel hold
ber move mun
bre support mid
bul support ank move con
con support aeg
eng move nth
fin move nwy
gre support rum move ser
hol support bel
ion move eas
iri move nat
kie support nth move den
mid support bre
mar move pie
nth move den
par move gas
pic move bur
rum move ser
stp support fin move nwy
swe move bal
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven support tus move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
den move swe
nwy move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
apu move rom
bal support swe
bel move hol
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con support eas move smy
den support ska move swe
eas move smy
gas move bur
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mid move naf
mun support kie move ber
nat move nrg
nth support den
nwy support swe
pie support tyr move ven
rom move nap
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil move ber
ska move swe
smy support aeg move con
stp move lvn
swe support nwy
tri support gre move alb
tyr move ven
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move nap
bal support swe
ber move sil
bur move mar
con support eas move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun support ber move sil
naf move tun
nap support tus move rom
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
rom support apu move nap
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska move nwy
smy hold
stp/nc support nwy
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tus move rom
ukr move gal
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move war
smy move aeg
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
apu move nap
bal support pru move ber
ber support sil
bud move vie
con hold
den hold
gal support war move sil
ion move apu
kie support ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support pie move tyr
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth support den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support apu move nap
ruh move bel
ser move bul
sil hold
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
war move sil
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven
bal support pru move ber
bel move hol
ber move pru
boh move gal
bre hold
bud support vie
gal move boh
gre move alb
kie move bal
lon move nth
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support nap move apu
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys support rom move tus
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: fleet/dislodged apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move eas
alb move gre
apu move ven
bal support pru move ber
ber support mun
boh support pie move tyr
bud move vie
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
gal support vie move boh
hol move ruh
ion support apu
kie support ber
mun support ber move kie
nth support den
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move swe
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support apu move ven
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ven support tus move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
apu support rom move ven
bal support ber move kie
bar support nrg move nwy
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move pic
den support kie
eas move ion
gal move war
ion support apu
kie support den
mar support pie
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie support mun move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support kie
sil support boh move mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tri support ven
tun support ion
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion
ven support tus move pie
vie support tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support eas move ion
apu support rom
bal support ber move kie
bar support nwy
ber move kie
bur move mun
den support swe
eas move ion
fin support bar move nwy
ion support apu
kie support den
mar support pie
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth move ska
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie hold
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil support ber
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri support ven
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr support mun
tys support ion
ven support tus move rom
vie support tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move nap
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
bal support fin move swe
bar support nwy
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud move tri
bur move mun
den move bal
eas move ion
fin move swe
ion support nap
kie support den move bal
lon move nth
lvn support stp/nc
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
rom support tri move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
ska move den
swe support den move bal
tri move ven
tun support ion
tyr support mun
tys support ion
ven move tus
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
bal support ber move kie
bar support nwy
ber move kie
boh move mun
den support ska move swe
eas move ion
fin support stp/nc move nwy
hol support kie
ion support nap
kie move ber
lvn support stp/nc
mar support pie
nap move rom
nth move ska
nwy support ska move swe
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
ska move swe
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bot
tri support tyr
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion
ven support tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: fleet/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg support eas move ion
bal support kie move den
bar move stp/nc
boh hold
bot support bar move stp
den support hel move kie
eas move ion
fin support stp/nc move nwy
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion support nap
kie move den
lvn support stp/nc
mar support pie
nap move rom
nwy support bar move stp
rom support tri move apu
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
ska move swe
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tri move apu via convoy
tun support ion
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys support ion
ven move pie
vie support tyr
war hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move nth
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
bal support den move swe
boh move mun
bot move bal
den move swe
eas move ion
fin support den move swe
hol support kie
ion support nap
lvn move stp
mar hold
nap move rom
nth move den
nwy support stp/nc
pie support tyr
rom support apu move nap
ruh support mun
sil move ber
ska support nth move den
stp/nc hold
swe support bot move bal
tun support ion
tus support rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion
vie support tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal support swe move den
ber move kie
boh move sil
bot support ska move swe
bre move gas
den support ska move swe
edi move nrg
fin move stp
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvn support fin move stp
mar hold
mos support fin move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap support rom
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
rom support nap
ruh support mun
ska move swe
stp/nc support nwy
swe move den
tri move alb
tun support ion
tyr support vie move boh
tys support ion
vie move boh
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
France: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
den move ska
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
bot move bal
bur support mun
gas move spa
ion move tys
kie support ber
mar hold
mun support ber
nwy support swe
ruh support mun
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tun hold
tys move wes
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
