PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven support rom move tus
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move vie
hel move nth
kie move hol
mid move por
mos move sev
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
par move bur
ruh move bel
sev move rum
tus hold
tys convoy tus move tun
ven move tri
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move arm
ber move bal
bla hold
bul move gre
con move bul
hol move bel
lon move nth
mos move sev
nth move den
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support rum
spa move gas
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri hold
tys convoy tus move tun
ven support tri
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move bal
bla move con
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den support nth move hel
hel move nth
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mos support sev
mun hold
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move bel
rum hold
ser move alb
sev hold
ska support den
swe move bal
tri move vie
tus move tun
tyr move vie
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr support rum
ven support tri
yor move hol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support bur move ruh
bre move mid
bul support gre move ser
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den support nth move hel
edi move nth
gas move mar
gre move ser
hel support ruh move kie
hol hold
ion convoy alb move gre
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move hel
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move bla
sev hold
ska move swe
swe move bal
tri move vie
tun move naf
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal support ber
bel move hol
ber support ruh move mun
bla support rum move bul
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
den support hol move kie
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move mun
lon move hol
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move hol
pie move mar
ruh support bel move hol
rum move bul
ser move bud
swe hold
tri move vie
tyr move vie
tys hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
build Fleet bre
remove ion
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul/sc
apu move ven
bal move bot
ber support ruh move mun
bla support sev move arm
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den support kie
eng move iri
gre move ser
hel move hol
ion move alb
kie support hel move hol
lon move bel
lvp move wal
mid support eng move iri
mar move bur
mun support ven move tyr
nth convoy lon move bel
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
sev move arm
tri move vie
tun move nap
tyr move vie
tys convoy tun move nap
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
mun disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move adr
arm move ank
bel support kie move ruh
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move bel
den move kie
eng move lon
hol support bel
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
mid move iri
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth move lon
ruh support bur move bel
rum support bul
stp/sc move fin
tri support ven move tyr
tys move ion
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank support bla move con
bel support hol
bla move con
bot support fin move swe
bul support ion move gre
bur move pic
den move kie
eng support mid move iri
fin move swe
hol support bel
ion move gre
iri move nat
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move iri
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
rom move ven
rum support bul
sev move arm
swe move ska
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
wal support lvp move iri
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
eng move bre
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel support hol
bot move bal
bud support ser move tri
bul hold
bur move bel
con support arm move smy
den move kie
eng support bel
gre hold
hol support den move kie
iri support eng
mid support nat move iri
nat move iri
nth support bel
pic support bur move bel
ruh support bur move bel
rum support tri move bud
ser move tri
sil move ber
ska move nwy
tri move bud
ven support tri
vie support tri move bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Russia: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
iri move wal
kie disband
smy move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
bal move den
bel move pic
bre move eng
bud move ser
bur move bel
eng support bel move pic
gre hold
hol support kie
iri support bre move eng
kie support hol
lvp move nat
mid support bre move eng
nap move tys
nth move nrg
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
ruh support bur move bel
stp/sc move lvn
swe support bal move den
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wal move iri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bud move ser
den support ber move kie
eng move nth
gre hold
hol move nth
iri support mid move nat
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvn move bal
mid move nat
mos move stp
nat move lvp
nrg move nat
nwy move bar
pic move bur
ruh move hol
sil move ber
tri support bud move ser
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie support bud
wal support nat move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet bre
remove hel
remove ion
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal move den
bel move ruh
bre move eng
bur move mun
den move nth
eng move nth
gre hold
iri move lvp
lon move eng
lvp support wal move iri
mos move stp
nat support iri move lvp
nap move ion
nrg move nat
par move bur
rom move nap
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move vie
tun move tys
ven move tri
vie move bud
wal move iri
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: fleet/dislodged iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
iri move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal move swe
ber move kie
bre support nat move mid
bud hold
bur move bel
den move nth
eng hold
gre hold
hol support ruh move kie
ion support gre
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move eng
mun support ruh move kie
nat move mid
nap move tys
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pru move ber
ruh move kie
ser hold
stp move fin
swe move ska
tri support ser
tys move tun
vie support bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
bre move eng
bud support ser
den support ska move nth
eng move nth
fin move swe
gre hold
ion move tys
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
mid move iri
mar move bur
nat support mid move iri
nrg move bar
pru support ber
ser support bud
ska move nth
swe move ska
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move adr
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support ser
den support ber move kie
eng support nth move lon
gre hold
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
gol move mar
nat move nrg
nth move edi
nwy move stp
pru support ber
ser support bud
sil support ber
ska move nth
swe move nwy
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
