PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move ven
bot move swe
bud hold
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
eng hold
gal support rum
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move bre
nth move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
stp move nwy
ven move pie
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move bal
bud move ser
bul support rum
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move nth
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
kie move hel
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move hel
pie hold
por move spa
rum support bul
ser move bul
smy support con move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move bud
tun hold
ven hold
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support den move swe
bel move pic
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur support bel move pic
con support bul
den move swe
eng support pic move bel
gal hold
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
kie move hel
lon hold
mar move bur
nth hold
nwy support swe
pic support mar move bur
pie hold
rum move sev
ser move bul
smy move eas
spa hold
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal support den move swe
bel hold
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
eng support nth
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
hel hold
hol move kie
ion move tys
mar support pic move bur
nth hold
nwy support swe
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa move gas
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tun move wes
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bal support den move swe
bel hold
ber support boh move mun
bla move ank
bre move mid
bul support ion move gre
bur hold
con move ank
den move swe
eas support aeg
eng move bel
gas move bre
gre move bul
hel move den
ion move gre
kie support mun move ber
mun move ber
nth support eng move bel
nwy support swe
par move pic
rum support ser move bul
ser support ion move gre
sil support boh move mun
swe move bal
tri support vie
tys move nap
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move pru
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal move bot
bel support nth move hol
ber move pru
bla move ank
boh move mun
bre move par
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move ank
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move den
nap support tun move ion
nth move hol
pic move bur
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support boh move mun
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla move ank
bot move stp/sc
bul support alb move gre
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
den move ska
eas move ion
gre support con move bul
hol move hel
ion support alb move gre
kie move bal
lon move bel via convoy
mun move kie
nap support ion
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move stp
pru move ber
ruh support tyr move mun
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
sil support pru move ber
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove eas
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army rom
remove ska
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
ank move con
bel hold
ber support kie
bot move swe
bul support alb move gre
bur move bel
con support gre move bul
gre move bul
hel move den
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie hold
lon move eng
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nwy support stp move fin
par move pic
rom move ven
ruh support bur move bel
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
sil move boh
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support con move bul
ank support bul move con
bel hold
ber move mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud move vie
bul support gre
bur support ruh move bel
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
eng move bre
fin move swe
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie support ber move mun
mun move boh
nrg move nat
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bre
ruh move bel
rum support bul
ser support tri
sil support ber move mun
stp move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support bud move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support con
alb move tri
ank move con
bel move pic
boh move vie
bre hold
bul support ank move con
bur move bel
den move nth
eng support bel move pic
gal support vie
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support mun move ruh
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nat move mid
pic support bur move bel
ruh support bur move bel
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil move mun
stp move lvn
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
alb move tri
bla move ank
boh support tyr move vie
bre support bur move pic
bud support alb move tri
bul move ser
bur move pic
eng support mid move bre
gal support vie
gre move aeg
hol move nth
ion move alb
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn move war
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support bul
smy support aeg move con
swe move fin
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move smy
alb move ser
ank move con
bel hold
bla support ank move con
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support vie
con support smy move ank
edi move nrg
eng support bre
fin support nwy
gal support rum
ion move alb
kie move ber
mid support pic move bre
mar move bur
nth support bel
nrg move nat
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
ruh support mun
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move ank
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
con move aeg
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support ank move con
alb move gre
ank move con
ber move sil
bla move ank
bre hold
bud move vie
bul move gre
con support bla move ank
eng support gas move bre
fin support nwy
gal move boh
gas move bre
mid move gas
mun support ruh move bur
nat move lvp
nrg move nat
par support mid move gas
ruh move bur
rum support bud
ser move tri
tri move bud
tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
con move bla
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support nap move ion
ank support bla move con
bel move pic
bla move con
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support vie
bul move gre
bur move gas
eng support bre
fin move swe
gal support rum move bud
gas hold
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move ion
par support mar move bur
rum move bud
ser move gre
smy support ank move con
tri support bud
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move gre
ank move con
arm support con move smy
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud support vie
bul move gre
con move smy
eng support bre
gal support rum move bud
ion support alb move gre
iri move mid
lon move bel via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mun support boh move tyr
nth convoy lon move bel
par move pic
pic support lon move bel
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser move bud
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tri support bud
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army lon
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move smy
bel move bur
boh support tyr move vie
bre move gas
bud support vie
bul support ser move gre
con support smy move aeg
eng support bre
gal support tyr move vie
gre hold
ion support gre
lon move hol via convoy
mid support bre move gas
mun support tyr
nth convoy lon move hol
pic support bel move bur
rom move apu
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tri support vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
France: fleet/dislodged gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg move bul/sc
apu move alb via convoy
boh support vie
bud move ser
bul support smy move gre
bur support pic move par
con support aeg move bul
den move kie
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
mid move wes
mun move tyr
pic move par
por move mid
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
sev move arm
tri support bud move ser
tyr move vie
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support ser
arm move syr
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support boh move vie
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
con support bul/sc move aeg
eng move iri
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support ruh
lon move bel via convoy
mid move wes
mun support vie move tyr
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser support tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move con
stp move fin
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb move nap via convoy
bel support hol
boh support vie
bud support rum move ser
bul support rum move ser
bur hold
fin move swe
gal support bud
hol hold
ion convoy alb move nap
iri move eng
kie move hol
gol move tys
mid move por
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser move alb
sil move ber
smy move gre via convoy
syr move smy
tri support tyr
tys hold
vie move tri
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
