PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tus
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu support ven
bal move ber
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
spa hold
tus move ven
tys move tun
ven hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal support ber move pru
bel support nth move hol
ber move pru
bla convoy bul move arm
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move arm via convoy
con move aeg
edi move nth
gre hold
lon move eng
mar hold
mos move war
mun move sil
nth move hol
nwy hold
par hold
por move mid
pru move ber
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp/sc move lvn
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus support apu move ven
ven move adr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg move gre
arm support ukr move sev
bal support pru move lvn
bel hold
bla support ukr move sev
bre move mid
den hold
eas move ion
eng move nth
gal move war
gas hold
gre move alb
hol hold
lvn support swe move bal
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
naf hold
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bre
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
swe move bal
tri support tyr move ven
tus hold
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove lvn
remove pru
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
arm move bul via convoy
bal support kie
bel move ruh
bla convoy arm move bul
bre move par
bud move gal
den support kie
gas move mar
gre move ion
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move nap
lon hold
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
nth support ska move den
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move mun
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
swe move bal
tri move ven
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
mos move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu move rom
bla support ukr move sev
boh move mun
bul move gre
den move ska
gal move rum
hel move den
ion move tun
kie hold
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mar hold
mos hold
nap hold
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pie hold
rom move ven
ruh hold
sev move ank via convoy
swe move bal
ukr move sev
ven move adr
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb move tri
ank support bla move arm
arm move con via convoy
ber support mun move kie
bla move arm
boh hold
bur hold
den move ska
edi move bel via convoy
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie hold
lon hold
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move bel
pie hold
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev hold
ska move swe
smy move aeg
stp move mos
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move naf
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army/dislodged arm
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
kie move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move smy
ank support aeg move smy
arm move bla
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh move mun
bur support mun
gal move sil
gre move bul
hel move kie
kie hold
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
mar support pie
mos move stp
mun hold
naf hold
nth convoy lon move den
pie hold
rom move tus
ruh support mun
ska move swe
smy hold
stp hold
swe move bal
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun
ven hold
wes hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move con
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support bla move con
bal move bot
bla move con
boh move mun
bul support bla move con
bur support mun
con move bul
den move kie
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mar support pie
mun hold
naf support wes
nth move nwy
pie hold
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
smy support bla move con
stp move fin
swe move fin
tri move adr
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun
ven hold
vie move boh
wes hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bul move gre
bur support mun
con move aeg
hel move den
ion move tys
kie hold
mar support pie
mos support stp
mun hold
naf support wes
nth move nrg
nwy support bot move stp
pie hold
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
smy move eas
stp hold
swe move bal
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bal move ber
ber hold
boh move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bur support mun
con move bul
den move ska
eas move ion
gre move alb
hol support kie
kie support mun
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support stp
mun hold
naf support wes
nrg move bar
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
ruh support mun
sil support ber
smy move gre via convoy
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move apu via convoy
bal move pru
bar move stp/nc
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot support bar move stp
bul move gre
bur support mar
gal move boh
gre move alb
hol move den via convoy
ion move tys
kie hold
gol convoy tus move spa
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth convoy hol move den
nwy support bar move stp
pie move mar
ruh move hol
sil support boh move mun
ska move swe
stp move fin
tun support tys move wes
tus move spa via convoy
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move apu via convoy
ber hold
boh support mun
bot support swe move fin
bul move gre
bur support mar
den move swe
fin move stp
gre move alb
hol move den via convoy
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nth convoy hol move den
nwy hold
par move gas
pie move mar
pru support kie move ber
ruh hold
sil support ber
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys support tun move wes
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb hold
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bul move gre
bur move mar
den move swe
fin move bot
gas support bur move mar
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mun move bur
nth move eng
nwy move nth
sil support ber
spa/sc hold
swe move fin
tun move naf
tus support ven move pie
tyr move mun
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support pru move ber
ber hold
boh move sil
bot move lvn
bud move gal
bur move mar
eng move bre
fin move stp
gas support spa/sc
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
kie support pru move ber
lvn support sil move pru
gol support tun move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mun support ber
naf move mid
nth move eng
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil move pru
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tun move spa via convoy
tus hold
tyr support mun
vie move boh
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bur move mun
gas move mar
ion move tys
gol support wes move spa
mid hold
naf move mid
spa/sc support mid
tun move naf
tys move wes
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
remove por
build Army smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
bar move nrg
ber support bal move pru
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bur hold
eng move iri
gal move war
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move mos
mid hold
mar move gas
mun support sil move ber
naf move mid
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh move mun
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp move mos
swe move den
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
bur move par
con move bul
gas support mar move bur
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
lvn support war move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support sil move ber
nat hold
pru support sil move ber
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
tyr support mun
tys move gol
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
