PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bla support ser move bul
bot move swe
bud support gal move rum
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser move bul
spa hold
stp move nwy
tus move pie
tys move tun
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con
bel support mun move bur
ber move bal
bla convoy rum move arm
bud support tri move ser
bul move con
bur support spa move mar
con support ank
hol move hel
kie move den
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
par support bur
pie support tus move ven
por move mid
rum move arm via convoy
smy hold
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
tus move ven
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move syr
bal move swe
bel support mun move bur
bla support sev move arm
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move mar
con support smy
den support bal move swe
gre hold
hel move hol
lvn move stp
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
par move pic
pie move mar
ser move tri
sev move arm
smy support ank
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tys move ion
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bur move par
swe move ska
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
remove ska
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move ank
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support arm move ank
bud move tri
bul move con
bur support bel move pic
con support ank
fin hold
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move tys
lon move eng
gol move tys
mar hold
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
ser support bud move tri
smy support ank
stp support fin
syr move smy
tri move adr
vie move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank support bla move con
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
bla move con
bul support ser move rum
bur support bel move pic
con support smy
eng support pic move bel
fin move swe
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move tys
mar hold
nth support pic move bel
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
pic support eng move bel
pie move ven
pru move war
ser move rum
smy support con
stp hold
swe move fin
syr move smy
tri move ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Fleet tri
remove tun
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank support con
bar move nrg
bel support bur
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul move con
bur hold
con hold
eng support nth
hol support ska move nth
ion move tun
mar support par move bur
mos move war
mun support bur
nth hold
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum move sev
ska move nth
smy move arm
stp move lvn
swe hold
syr move arm
tri move adr
tyr support pie move ven
ven move rom
vie support bud move tri
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move bla
apu move nap
bel support bur
bul move con
bur hold
con move aeg
den move swe
eng support pic move bel
gas move bur
hol support bel
ion move tun
lvn support mos move war
mar support gas move bur
mos move war
mun support bur
nap hold
nth move hol
nrg support nth
nwy support swe
par support gas move bur
pic move bel
rom support apu move nap
sev support war move mos
ska support den move swe
smy move con
swe hold
syr move smy
tri move ven
tyr support ven
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bur disband
nap move tys
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Army tri
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support syr move smy
bel hold
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul support ion move gre
bur support bel
eng support nrg move nth
hol move nth
ion move gre
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move bur
nap support adr move ion
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
par move pic
rom move ven
ruh move hol
sev support war move mos
ska support hol move nth
smy move con
swe hold
syr move smy
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie support tri move tyr
war move mos
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bul support con
bur move ruh
con hold
eng support nrg move nth
gre move aeg
hel support bel move hol
hol move nth
ion support gre move aeg
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap move tys
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum support sev
sev support rum
ska support hol move nth
smy hold
swe support hel move den
tun support aeg move ion
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army par
remove ska
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support bur move ruh
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support aeg move con
bur move ruh
con move smy
den support kie
eas support con move smy
hel support swe move den
hol support bur move ruh
ion move nap
kie support ruh move mun
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move ber
nap move ion
nrg move nth
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy support con
swe move den
tun support wes move tys
tus move rom
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
smy move ank
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
bel move ruh
bla support mos move sev
boh move sil
bul move gre
bur support mun
con support smy move ank
den support kie
eas move smy
hel move den
hol support ruh move kie
ion move apu
kie move ber
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap support rom
nth support hel move den
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom support nap
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move rum
smy move ank
stp move mos
tun move ion
tyr support mun
tys support ion move nap
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: army/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lvp
remove stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu move nap
bre move mid
bud move tri
bur support kie move mun
con move aeg
den move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move mun
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
rom support nap move apu
ruh support kie move mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support mun
smy move eas
swe move fin
tri move adr
tyr move ven
tys support ion move nap
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet/dislodged apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ion
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
bal move bot
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
eas move ion
fin support nwy move stp
ion move apu
kie move ber
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun hold
nap hold
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rom support apu move nap
ruh move kie
sil move mun
smy hold
tri move tyr
tun support ion
tys support nap
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu support ion move nap
boh support tyr move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bre move mid
bur support mun
den move swe
eng move nth
fin support nwy move stp
gre move ser
ion move nap
kie support mun
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun hold
nap hold
nth move den
nwy move stp
par move gas
pie move mar
rom support ion move nap
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
smy move ank
stp hold
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support nap
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
ank move con
apu move nap
boh move mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bur support mun
con move aeg
den move bal
fin support stp
gas move spa
ion hold
kie support mun
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun hold
nap move rom
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil support pru move ber
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tun support tys
tyr support pie
tys hold
ven move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
apu move ven
bal support swe move lvn
boh move mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud move gal
bur support mun
con move bul
fin support stp
ion move nap
kie support mun
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun hold
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move den
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber
smy move eas
spa move tus via convoy
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tun support tys
tyr support pie
tys hold
ven move tri
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move war
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support ion
bal convoy fin move pru
ber support den move kie
boh move mun
bot convoy fin move pru
bul hold
bur support mun
den hold
eas support ion
fin move pru via convoy
gal move rum
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lvn support fin move pru
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mos support war
mun hold
nap support rom
pie hold
rom support ven move tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber
spa move tus via convoy
stp support lvn
tri move ser
tun support tys
tyr support pie
tys support nap move ion
ven move tus
war support mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move gre
ank move arm
bal support kie move ber
boh move gal
bur move mun
den move swe
eas move ion
ion support nap
kie move ber
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move kie
nap support rom
pru move war
rom support tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sil move boh
stp support lvn move mos
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr support pie
tys hold
war support mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
arm hold
bal move den
ber move sil
boh move sil
bot convoy swe move lvn
bul hold
eas support aeg
gal support war
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
kie move ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun hold
nap hold
pie move ven
pru move war
rom hold
ruh support mun
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev hold
spa move gas
stp support mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys hold
war hold
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army edi
build Army mar
remove rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot move bal
bul move con
con hold
den move nth
edi move den via convoy
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol convoy mar move rom
mar move rom via convoy
mos support lvn move war
mun support ber move sil
nap support ion
nth move eng
pie hold
pru support lvn move war
ruh move kie
rum support sev
stp move lvn
tun hold
tus move ven
tys convoy mar move rom
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support gal move ukr
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm hold
bal support edi move den
ber hold
bud move ser
bul move con
con support smy
edi move den via convoy
gal support ukr
ion move eas
kie support ber
lvn support mos
gol support pie move tus
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth convoy edi move den
pie move tus
pru support war
rom hold
rum support sev
sil move boh
smy support con
tri support ven
tun hold
tys support rom
ukr support gal
ven hold
vie support gal
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
remove nap
remove ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm support smy
ber hold
boh hold
bul move con
bur move pic
con support smy
eas move smy
gal support ukr
kie support ber
lvn support mos
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos hold
pru support war
rom move nap
rum support sev
ser move gre
sev support ukr
smy support con
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys support rom move nap
ukr support gal
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy move con
arm support smy
bal support den move kie
ber hold
con support eas move smy
den move kie
eas move smy
edi move hol via convoy
eng move bre
gal move war
gre hold
ion move adr
kie support ber
lvn support mos
nap hold
nth convoy edi move hol
pie move tus
pru move ber
rum move sev
sev move arm
smy move con
tri support vie
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army/dislodged con
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
con move bul
kie move ruh
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
build Army edi
remove gre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove tus
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support smy
ank move smy
arm support ank move smy
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre hold
bul move con
edi move bel via convoy
gal move war
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
mid support pic move bre
mos hold
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move bel
pic move bre
pru support kie move ber
ruh support ber move kie
rum move sev
sev move arm
smy support bul move con
tri support vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bre move gas
tri move alb
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bal support ber
ber hold
bre hold
con support smy
eng support gas move bre
gal move vie
gas move bre
gre hold
iri move mid
kie support ber
lvn support mos
mid support bre
mos hold
mun move kie
nth move hol
pru support war
ruh support mun move kie
rum move ser
sev support ukr
sil move ber
smy support con
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr support sev
vie move bud
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
France: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
gre move ion
kie move den
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
bal convoy lvn move kie
bel move bur
ber support lvn move kie
bre move pic
bud support ser move tri
con move smy
den support lvn move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gre move alb
hol support lon move bel
ion hold
iri hold
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move kie via convoy
mid support pic move bre
mos support war
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pru move sil
rom move ven
ruh support kie move hol
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
vie support tri
war support mos
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
hol move nth
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank hold
arm move sev
bal support kie
ber hold
bre hold
bud support alb move tri
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
den support kie
eng move bre
gas support eng move bre
hol move kie
ion move gre
iri move mid
mid support bre
mun support hol move kie
nth support bel
par move pic
pru support ber
ruh support hol move kie
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move ank
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support tri
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bre move par
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bal support pru move ber
bel move hol
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move gal
con move aeg
den support kie
gas move spa/nc
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
iri move eng
kie hold
lvp move iri
gol hold
mid move nat
mar support gas move spa
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth support bel move hol
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move ber
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm move sev
bal move lvn
ber support kie move mun
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
bur move gas
den move kie
eng move bre
gre move nap via convoy
hol support nth move bel
ion convoy gre move nap
iri move lvp
kie move mun
mid move por
mar move bur
nat move nrg
nth move bel
pru move lvn
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil support kie move mun
spa/nc hold
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
