PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
con move aeg
gal move vie
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
sev move rum
smy move con
stp move nwy
tri move ser
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ion
ber move pru
bud support ser move rum
bul support aeg move gre
con move ank
den support nwy move swe
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
por move mid
ruh hold
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy move con
spa move gas
stp move fin
swe support stp move nwy
tun move naf
ven move tri
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bal support fin move swe
bud support tri move vie
bul support gre
bur move pic
con move bla
den support swe
eng hold
fin move swe
gal move war
gas move bur
gre support bul
ion move tun
mid move nat
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
pru move war
ser move bul
sil support pru move war
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tys move wes
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bal
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support con move sev
bel support pic
bla convoy con move sev
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move sev via convoy
den move hel
eng move nth
fin move swe
gre hold
kie move hol
lvp move nat
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mun support ruh move bur
naf move tun
nat move mid
nrg support lvp move nat
nwy support swe
pic support bel
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move boh
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ven move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move rum via convoy
bla convoy arm move rum
boh support bud move vie
bud move vie
bul support arm move rum
bur support hol move bel
fin move swe
gre move ion
hel move den
hol move bel
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth support hol move bel
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pie move mar
rum move bla
sev move mos
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tri hold
tun move naf
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie hold
war move mos
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
remove gal
remove naf
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move gal
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bul
fin move stp
ion move nap
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
nat move iri
nth move eng
nwy support bar move stp
par support pic
pic support par
pie move mar
rum move ukr
sev move mos
smy move eas
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support vie move tyr
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bul move ser
bur support gas move par
con move aeg
eas move ion
eng move bre
fin move stp
gal move bud
gas move par
iri move mid
lvn move mos
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
nap move rom
nwy support stp/nc
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move bud
sev support ukr move mos
spa/sc support wes
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie hold
war move gal
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
remove fin
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move sil
bud move gal
bur move mun
con move bul
eng move bre
gal move ukr
ion move nap
lon move eng
gol move tys
mid support eng move bre
mar move pie
mos support rum move ukr
nwy move nth
par support bel move pic
pru move lvn
rom support ion move nap
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tyr support vie move boh
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move boh
gre move ion
lvn support sil move war
mid move naf
mar move spa
mun support gal move boh
nap support rom move tys
nth hold
nwy support fin move stp
par move gas
pic move bur
por move spa
rom move tys
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move war
tun move ion
tyr support ven move pie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support rum move gal
ven move pie
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh support mun move tyr
bre move mid
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
gal support vie move boh
gas support mar
ion support nap move tys
lon move eng
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa
rum support gal
ser support vie move bud
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri move adr
tun support mid move wes
tyr move vie
tys move tus
ukr support mos
vie move bud
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
eng hold
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre hold
ion support tys
lvn support stp move mos
gol support pie move tus
mid move wes
mos move war
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nth hold
pie move tus
rum support bul move ser
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe move bot
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys
tyr move vie
ukr support mos move war
vie move gal
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move tri
tus move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army con
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
bot hold
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
eng hold
gre move alb
ion support tys
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support pru move war
naf support tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
pru move war
rom support tys
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev support ukr move mos
sil move gal
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tun support gol move tys
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
ukr move mos
ven move apu
vie move tri
war move lvn
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move tri
apu move nap
boh move gal
bot support lvn
bud move ser
bul move ser
eng hold
ion support tys move nap
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mun move boh
naf support tun
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie support ven
pru move war
rom support tys move nap
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri support bud move ser
tun support gol move tys
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
remove naf
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bot hold
bud support alb move tri
con move bul
eng move mid
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol support pie move tus
mun move tyr
nap support aeg move ion
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move tus
rom move tus
rum support bud
ser support alb move tri
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys
tys support ven move rom
ukr support mos
ven move rom
vie move bud
war support stp move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot hold
bud support ukr move gal
gal support vie move bud
ion move aeg
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tys
mid move por
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy move stp
rom support tys move nap
rum support ukr move gal
ser support tri
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move gal
vie move bud
war support stp move mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bul
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
ber move sil
boh support vie
bot hold
bud support gal
edi move nwy via convoy
ion hold
lon move eng
lvn move war
gol support wes move tys
mos support war move ukr
mun support tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
por move mid
rom support ven
rum support gal
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil move gal
stp support mos
tri hold
tun support nap move ion
tyr move tri
ukr support gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie support sil move gal
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
ber move sil
boh support vie
bot hold
bud support gal
eng hold
gal hold
ion hold
lvn support mos
gol hold
mid move wes
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth hold
nwy hold
rom move ven
rum support gal
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil move gal
stp support mos
tri hold
tun support nap move ion
tyr move tri
tys support nap move ion
ukr support gal
ven move pie
vie support tyr move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
apu support nap move ion
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bot hold
bud support tri
eng hold
gal move vie
ion hold
lvn support war
gol hold
mos support war
mun support tyr
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support ven
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support tri
sev hold
sil move gal
stp support mos
tun support nap move ion
tyr support vie
tys support nap move ion
ukr move rum
vie support sil move gal
war support sil move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
ion move eas
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support bul move gre
apu support ion move adr
boh support vie
bot hold
bud support tri
bul move gre
eas hold
eng hold
gal support vie move bud
ion move adr
lvn support mos
gol hold
mos support war move ukr
mun support tyr
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support ven
rum support ukr
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil support gal
stp support mos
tun support nap move ion
tyr support vie
tys support ion
ukr hold
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support gal
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
apu move nap
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot hold
bud support gal move rum
eas move ion
eng hold
gal move rum
gre support alb
ion move tun
lvn support mos
gol hold
mos move ukr
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rum support ukr
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil move boh
stp move mos
tun move naf
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg support ion
alb support tri move adr
boh support sil move gal
bot hold
bud support rum move ser
bul support ukr move rum
eng move mid
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap support tys move ion
nth hold
nwy move stp
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri move adr
tun support tys move ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie support ven move tri
war support sil move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ion move apu
ser move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Army rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bot move swe
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum move ser
gal move rum
gre support rum move ser
ion move eas
mid hold
mos move sev
nap move apu
nth hold
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser support gal move rum
sev move rum
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Germany: army/dislodged ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
sev move arm
tri move alb
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move apu
aeg move smy
apu support tys move ion
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul support ser
eas move smy
gal move bud
gre support ser
ion move apu
mid move eng
mos hold
mun move boh
nth hold
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
swe hold
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Italy: fleet/dislodged apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bul
build Army edi
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move smy
apu move ven
arm hold
bud move ser
eas support ion move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
eng hold
gal move bud
gre move ser
ion move aeg
mar hold
mos hold
naf support tun
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move nwy
rom move nap
rum support bud move ser
ser move tri
sev move arm
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
tun support ion
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move smy
alb move tri
apu support tri move ven
arm support smy
bud support alb move ser
eas support aeg move smy
eng hold
gre move alb
ion support nap move apu
mar move pie
mos hold
nap move apu
nth hold
nwy move stp
rom move nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support ven
ukr move sev
ven support alb move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
smy move con
tri move ser
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
build Army edi
build Army kie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
alb support ser move tri
apu move adr
arm hold
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
eas move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
eng hold
ion support bul move gre
mos hold
mun move bur
naf move wes
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
rum support tri move ser
ser move tri
sev move arm
smy move con
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ser
ukr move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move ser
apu move adr
bud move rum
bul move con
con move ank
eng hold
gre support rum move bul
ion support apu move adr
mos hold
nap move apu
nth hold
nwy hold
rum move bul
ser hold
sev move arm
smy move con
stp hold
swe hold
tri support ser
tun hold
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
England: fleet ank
England: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet edi
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
England: fleet ank
England: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move tri
ank move con
ber move kie
boh move vie
bur move gas
edi hold
eng hold
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mos hold
mun move bur
nth hold
nwy hold
ser support adr move alb
sev support ukr
smy support ank move con
stp support mos
swe hold
tri support adr move alb
ukr hold
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
England: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
apu move adr
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bla
edi move nth
eng move mid
gas move spa
gre support bul move ser
hol move bel
kie move hol
lvn move mos
mos hold
nap move ion
nth move bel
nwy move swe
rum support bul move ser
ser support tri
sev support ukr
smy move con
stp support mos
swe move bal
tri support ser
tun move wes
tyr support vie move tri
tys move gol
ukr hold
ven move pie
vie move tri
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
England: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move bul
ser move alb
tri move ven
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove gre
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
remove wes
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal support swe move den
ber move bal
bla support sev move rum
bud support rum
bul support rum
con move bul/sc
edi move nth
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn support war
mid move por
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move bur
nth move ska
rum support bul
ser support tri
sev move rum
spa support mar
stp support mos
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support sev move rum
war hold
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army/dislodged bul
Germany: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
England: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
rum move gal
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
England: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bal support stp move lvn
ber move bal
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul/sc support alb move gre
eng move bel
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
lvn support war
gol move tys
mar support spa
mos move war
nth support eng move bel
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rum support ukr move gal
ser move bul
ska support swe move den
spa support mar
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move ven
ukr move gal
ven move rom
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
England: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
den move hel
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
England: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army lvp
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
England: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move kie
bel move hol
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
bur move bel
den move kie
edi move nth
gal support bud move rum
gre hold
hel move kie
hol support bur move bel
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mos support ukr
nth move ska
pic move bre
por move spa/nc
rom support tri move ven
rum support gre move ser
ser support bud move rum
ska move swe
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tys move rom
ukr support rum
ven support tys move rom
war move mos
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
England: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
England: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal support kie move ber
bel move pic
ber support hel move kie
bla support rum
bul/sc hold
eng convoy wal move bel
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion support tys move nap
kie move ber
lvn support mos move war
mos move war
nth support wal move bel
pic support wal move bel
pie move ven
por move spa/nc
rom support pie move ven
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tri support pie move ven
tys support ven move rom
ukr move gal
ven move rom
wal move bel via convoy
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Germany: army/dislodged rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
