PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven hold
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bel
gal hold
kie move den
mid move bre
nth move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
spa move por
ukr hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move sil
bre move eng
bul move ser
con move bul/ec
edi move nrg
eng move bel
gal hold
gre move alb
kie move mun
nwy move nth
par move pic
pic move bel
por move spa
rum move sev
sev move rum
smy move aeg
ukr hold
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank move bla
bre move mid
bul/ec support ank move bla
den move kie
eng support lon move bel
gal move vie
lon move bel via convoy
nth support lon move bel
nrg move nat
par move bur
pic move bel
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum via convoy
swe hold
ukr move gal
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
bla support bul/ec move rum
bre move eng
bul/ec move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
eng support nat move mid
gal move bud
hol support lon move bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
mid support bre move eng
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nth support lon move bel
ruh move bur
ser support bul/ec move rum
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa move gas
tri support bud
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move pic
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support pic move bur
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bul support rum
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move bud
gas move par
hol support lon move bel
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support war
gol move mar
mid support bre move eng
mun move bur
nat move iri
nth support lon move bel
pic move bur
ruh support lon move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move mun
swe move nwy
tri support ser move bud
tun hold
ukr support sev
vie support gal move bud
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet kie
remove nth
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support bur move ruh
bla convoy bul move rum
bul move rum via convoy
bur move ruh
con hold
gal move bud
hol move bel
iri move eng
kie move hel
lon hold
lvn move mos
gol move wes
mid support eng
mun move bur
par move pic
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul/ec
ser move bud
sev support bul move rum
sil move mun
smy move aeg
tri support ser move bud
tun move tys
ukr hold
vie support gal move bud
wal support iri move eng
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
bla support arm move sev
bul/ec move con
bur move ruh
con move ank
eng support mid move iri
gal move bud
hel move nth
iri move eng
lon hold
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun move tyr
pic support bel
rum support sev move ukr
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil move mun
tri support ser move bud
tys move tun
ukr move sev
vie support gal move bud
wal support iri move eng
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
bla hold
bre move mid
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal move bud
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
lon move wal
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ruh
nth support hol
pic move bel
ruh support bel move hol
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move mos
stp move lvn
tri support ser move bud
tyr move pie
tys support ion move tun
ukr move war
vie support gal move bud
wal move lvp
war support mos move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move bur
ukr move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla hold
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move bud
hol hold
iri move lvp
lon move bre via convoy
lvn support ukr move mos
mos hold
mun support ruh
nth support hol
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support hol
rum move gal
sev move ukr
tri move vie
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie support gal move bud
wal move lvp
war support ukr move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
bla hold
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move mid
ion move tys
iri support bre move eng
lon move yor
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mun support ruh
nth support hol
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum move gal
sev move mos
stp support sev move mos
tri move vie
tun move wes
ukr support rum move gal
wal move lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move lon
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move rum
bel hold
bla convoy arm move rum
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support bel
eng convoy pic move wal
gal support ukr move war
iri support pic move wal
lon hold
lvp move nat
mos support ukr move war
mun support ruh
nth support hol
pic move wal via convoy
pie move mar
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
tun move ion
tys hold
ukr move war
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
remove lvn
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bel support bur move ruh
bla convoy ank move rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
eng support wal move lon
gal move sil
hol move bel
ion move nap
iri move lvp
lon hold
lvp hold
mos move stp
mun support ruh
nat support lvp
nth support hol move bel
pie move mar
ruh support hol
rum move gal
ser move bud
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
stp move fin
tri move tyr
tys support ion move nap
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
lon move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move vie
bud move tri
bur support ruh move mun
eas move ion
eng convoy pic move wal
fin support stp move nwy
gal move boh
iri support pic move wal
lon support pic move wal
lvp hold
mun move ber
nat move mid
nap support tys move rom
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
pic move wal via convoy
pie move ven
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move bud
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
tyr support sil move mun
tys move rom
vie support gal move boh
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
