PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud support rum
bul hold
bur support tyr move mun
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
lvn move war
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
den move swe
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie support ber move mun
mos move sev
mun support bur move ruh
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par move pic
por move mid
rom move tys
rum support sev move bla
ser move bul
sev move bla
spa move gas
swe move bal
tri move ser
ukr move war
vie hold
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move sev
bal support pru move ber
bar support stp
bla move con
bud support ser move rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move mar
con move smy
eng support ruh move bel
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move ber
mid hold
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth support hol move bel
nwy move swe
pic move par
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum support sev move bla
ser move rum
sev move bla
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
swe move den
tun hold
tys move ion
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bar support stp
ber support sil move mun
bla hold
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur support hol move bel
con support tun move smy
den move kie
eas convoy tun move smy
eng move bel
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre hold
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move smy
kie move ber
lon support nth move eng
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
mid support eng
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth move eng
ruh support sil move mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev move bla
sil move mun
stp hold
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun move smy
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move bot
bar support stp
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bre support mid
bul support rum
con support smy move ank
eas move smy
eng move pic
gal move war
gre support bul
ion move tys
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
lvn move war
mid support bre
mos support lvn move war
mun support ber move kie
ruh move bel
rum support bul
sev hold
smy move ank
stp hold
tyr support mun
ukr support gal move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bar move nrg
bot support stp
bul move rum
con move smy
eng support pic move bre
gal move war
gre hold
iri move mid
kie move hol
lvn move pru
mid support bre
mar move bur
mos support war move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par support bre
pic move bre
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum move sev
sev hold
sil support gal move war
smy move eas
stp hold
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr support rum move sev
ven move pie
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
boh support mun
bot support stp
bul move rum
eas move ion
eng support iri move mid
gal support rum move ukr
gre hold
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move hol
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
mun move bur
nrg move nth
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru support ukr move war
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil support war
smy move con
stp move mos
tys move wes
ukr move war
war support gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
bot hold
bre hold
bud move vie
eng support pic move bre
gal support war
gre hold
kie support nth move hol
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
mun support sil move ber
nth move hol
par move pic
pic move bre
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tun move naf
ukr move sev
ven move pie
war support boh move sil
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bot hold
bre hold
eng support bre
gas move bre
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support pru move ber
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move war
mun support pru move ber
naf support wes move mid
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move bur
spa/sc move por
stp hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ber move pru
bot move bal
bre hold
bud move gal
eng move bel
gal move ukr
gre hold
hol support eng move bel
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mid move spa/nc
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support mar move bur
naf move mid
nat support lvp move iri
pie move mar
rum hold
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal support hol move kie
boh move sil
bre support iri move eng
bur support mun
gal move war
gre hold
hol move kie
iri move eng
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid hold
mar move gas
mun support sil move ber
nat move iri
nth move den
pie move tyr
por support mid
pru support lvn move war
rum move gal
sil move ber
smy hold
spa/nc support mar move gas
stp hold
tyr move boh
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove lvn
remove par
remove pru
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move den
bel hold
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bud move gal
bur move par
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move war
gre hold
iri support eng
kie move den
lon move pic via convoy
mos support war move lvn
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move nwy
por support mid
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move sev
sil support ber
spa/nc support mid
stp hold
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
vie support boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre hold
bur move bel
den support bal move kie
eng support bre
gal move war
gas support mid move bre
gre hold
hol move kie
iri support eng
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth move hol
nwy support stp
par support mid move bre
pic support bel
por move mid
rum hold
sev hold
sil move ber
spa/nc support por move mid
stp hold
tys hold
ven move apu
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
bal move kie
bel support nth move hol
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre move pic
bur support bre move pic
den support bal move kie
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
gre hold
iri move mid
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy support stp
par support bre move pic
pic move bur
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
spa/nc move mid
stp support nwy
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
ber support mun move kie
boh move vie
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
gas support par move bre
gre support rum move bul
ion move gre
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
par move bre
pic move bel
por support wes move mid
pru support ber
ruh support pic move bel
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa/nc support wes move mid
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
gre move alb
kie move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support nap move ion
alb move ion
bel support mid move eng
ber move mun
boh move vie
bre support bur move pic
bur move pic
con support gre move bul
den hold
eng support nwy move bel
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre move bul/sc
hel support hol
hol support nwy move bel
kie support ber move mun
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
por move mid
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil support ber move mun
spa/nc move gas
stp hold
tri move adr
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
alb move gre
arm move ank
bel support ruh move hol
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support boh move vie
bur support bel
con move ank
den hold
eng hold
gas support por move mid
hel hold
hol hold
ion move gre
iri hold
kie support mun
mid move wes
mun support kie
nth hold
nwy hold
pic support bel
por support mid
ruh move hol
rum move bul
sil support mun
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
