PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move swe via convoy
nth move hol
rom move ven
ruh move bel
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud hold
bul hold
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move bel
gre support bul
kie move mun
lvn move war
mid support bre move eng
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth support yor move hol
rom move ven
ruh support kie move mun
rum move gal
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun move ion
ven move adr
vie move gal
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ven move adr
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support eng move bel
con move bul
den move swe
eas move ion
eng move bel
gre support bul move ser
ion move alb
mid move iri
mun move tyr
nwy support bot move swe
por hold
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg support ion
alb move tri
apu move nap
bel support bre move eng
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul hold
bur hold
den move swe
gal support rum
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move hol
mun move bur
nwy support swe
par support bur
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move hol
ser support gre move alb
sev support rum
smy move eas
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri move ven
vie move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
bar move nrg
bel move nth
bud hold
bul move gre
bur hold
eas move ion
eng move lon
gal support rum move bud
ion move tun
nap hold
nwy support swe
par move pic
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support rum
spa move gas
swe support nwy
tri hold
ven move tri
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel move nth
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bur move bel
gal move vie
gas move bur
gre move alb
ion move adr
lon support bel move nth
lvp move cly
mar move gol
nap hold
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pic move bel
ser support alb move tri
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tri move alb
tun move tys
ven support adr move apu
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb support ser move tri
apu support nap move ion
bot move bal
bud move vie
bur move bel
den move swe
eas move ion
gal support bud move vie
gas move bur
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move cly
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
nwy move den
pic support bur move bel
ser move tri
sil move ber
ska support nwy move den
tri move ven
tys move rom
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move tus
vie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
alb hold
bal move bot
ber support mun move sil
bre move mid
bur move mar
cly support edi move nrg
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gal move boh
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move den
gol move tys
mun move sil
nth move nwy
nrg move nat
nwy move fin
pic move bur
sil move pru
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
swe support kie move den
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus move rom
tys support tun
ven move tus
vie move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ber support kie move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot hold
bul/sc move gre
bur move gas
cly move lvp
den move swe
fin support ska move nwy
ion move tys
kie move mun
gol move tys
mid hold
mar move pie
nap move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pru move war
rom move apu
sil move war
ska move nwy
swe move nwy
tun support ion move tys
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bel move edi via convoy
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot move swe
con move bul
den move swe
fin support bot move swe
gas move spa
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tys
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nth convoy bel move edi
nrg move bar
pru move war
rom support ion move tys
sil move boh
ska support bot move swe
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tun support ion move tys
tus move pie
tyr move boh
ven support adr move apu
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move nwy
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bar support nwy
bul move ser
den support nwy move swe
edi hold
fin move stp
gal support war
gre support ion
ion support tun
iri move nat
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nap move ion
nth support nwy
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
rom support apu move nap
sev move bla
sil move boh
ska move nwy
spa hold
swe support ska move nwy
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus support ven move pie
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ven move pie
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nat move nrg
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
boh support mun move tyr
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move cly
gal support tyr move vie
gre move alb
ion support tun
lvn move war
gol support wes
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nat move nrg
nap support rom move tys
nth support bar move nrg
nrg support nwy
nwy support stp
pie support tri move tyr
rom move tys
ser move tri
spa move gas
stp support nwy
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus support pie
tyr move vie
tys move wes
war support mos move lvn
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move adr
bar support cly move nwy
boh move gal
cly move nwy via convoy
fin support bar move stp
gal support vie
ion support tun
lvn support stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
naf support wes
nap move rom
nth support cly move nwy
nrg convoy cly move nwy
nwy move ska
pie support rom move tus
pru move lvn
rom move tus
sil move war
stp support lvn
swe move nwy
tri support tus move ven
tun support tys
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys support rom move tus
vie support gal
war move pru
wes support naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move gre
bar support nwy move stp
boh support tyr move vie
fin move swe
gal move boh
ion support tun
lvn move pru
gol support pie move tus
mar support gol
mos support stp
naf support wes
nwy move stp
pie move tus
pru move war
rom support tus
ser move tri
sil move gal
ska move den
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ven support tri move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war support lvn move pru
wes support naf
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move ber
tyr move mun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
boh move gal
fin move swe
gal move boh
gre move alb
ion support tun
gol support pie move tus
mar support gol
mos support stp
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tus
pru support war move sil
rom move tus
sil move war
ska move den
swe move den
tri support tyr
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys support rom move tus
ven support tus move pie
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
wes support naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
apu move nap
bar support nwy move stp
ber move sil
boh move sil
fin move swe
gas hold
ion support tun
kie move bal
gol support pie
mar support gol
mos support stp
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nth support kie move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support mun move tyr
pru support boh move sil
rom move tus
sil move gal
ska move den
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus move gol
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
war support boh move sil
wes support naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal move pru
bar support nwy move stp
ber move sil
boh move vie
bul/ec move rum
fin move swe
gal move bud
gas move mar
ion move tun
gol support wes
mar support gol
mos move ukr
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap move tys
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom support nap move tys
sil move gal
ska move swe
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move bud
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tys move gol
ven move tyr
war support sil move gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mun
build Army par
remove rum
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bar support stp
boh move vie
bre move eng
fin move swe
gal support vie move boh
gas support mar
ion support tun
lvn move pru
gol support tys move wes
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nat move mid
nth hold
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom move tys
sil move gal
ska move swe
spa/sc support wes
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
vie move boh
war move sil
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
boh move vie
bur move mar
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal support war move sil
gas move mar
ion support tun
lvn move pru
gol support tys move wes
mid support wes
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nap move tys
nth move nwy
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom support nap move tys
sil move war
ska move nwy
spa/sc support mar move gol
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move gal
vie move boh
war move sil
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bur move mar
eng move nth
gal move boh
gas move mar
ion support tun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nap support tys
nth move nwy
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom support tys
sil support gal move boh
ska move nwy
spa/sc support mar move gol
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys support gol
ukr move war
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bur support gas move mar
den move swe
eng move nth
gal support war move sil
gas move mar
ion support tun
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mid support wes
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nap support tys
nth move nwy
pru move bal
rom move tus
sil move boh
ska move nwy
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
swe move nwy
tun support gol move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support gol move wes
ven move tyr
vie support boh
war move sil
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move pie
sil move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bar support stp
ber support pru move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mar
con move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
gal move war
ion support tun
lvn support gal move war
gol support mar
mid support wes
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nap move tys
nth move nwy
pie move gol
pru move sil
rom support tus
sil support tyr move mun
ska move nwy
spa move por
stp hold
swe move ska
tun support tys move wes
tus support pie move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
bur support mar
den support swe move ska
eng move nth
gal move sil
ion support tun
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support por move spa
mid support spa/sc move por
mar support wes move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support rom move tys
nth move nwy
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
sil move boh
ska move swe
spa/sc move por
swe move ska
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys move wes
war support gal move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber support pru
boh support sil
bur support mar
den move bal
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn support war move pru
gol support por move spa
mid support spa/sc move por
mos support lvn
naf support wes
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por move spa
rom support tys
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil support war move pru
spa/sc move por
stp support pru move lvn
tun move wes
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
eng move bre
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move pie
mos support lvn
naf move tun
nap support tys
nrg move bar
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
rom move tus
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
ska move swe
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support gol
wes move gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bur support mun
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support mos
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes
mar hold
mos support lvn
naf support wes
nwy support bar move stp
par move gas
pie move mar
por hold
pru move ber
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys support gol
war support pru
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move spa
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bre support mid
bur support mun
gas support spa move mar
ion support tun
kie support pru move ber
lvn support war move pru
gol move mar
mid support wes
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nap move tys
nwy support bar move stp
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil support ber
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr move gal
war move pru
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Turkey: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
mun move ruh
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army sev
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
bar support nwy move stp
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur support ruh move mun
gal move war
gas support mar
ion support tun
kie support pru move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid support wes
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes
nap move tys
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil support war move pru
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
war move pru
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar move stp/nc
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
gas support mar
ion support tun
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf support wes
nap move tys
nwy support bar move stp
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support kie move mun
sil move ber
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support mos
war support pru
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
